



State of Enron Federal Credit Union
Frequently Asked Questions


What will happen to the Credit Union in the event that Enron restructures?
Enron Federal Credit Union (EFCU) will continue to conduct business as we have done for over 20 years.  

EFCU is independent from Enron Corp., and we are financially safe and sound.  Your accounts at the Credit Union are insured to $100,000 by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF), supervised by the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA), an agency of the U.S. Government.

EFCU is a member-owned, not-for-profit financial institution cooperative whose purpose is to serve the financial needs of its members.  And, although we are here exclusively to provide financial services to the employees of Enron Corp. and their family members, we remain financially and operationally independent from Enron Corp.  EFCU funds are not intermingled with Enron’s finances, and Enron does not have access to or control over EFCU funds.

What will happen to my accounts?
Your accounts with the Credit Union will not be affected.  In fact, all of your accounts at the Credit Union will remain intact, as they were when you established them.  Should you move, retire or your employment status with Enron change, you can keep your membership, and continue to take advantage of the same products and services you have always enjoyed.  

How can I access my Credit Union accounts outside of the Enron Building?
You may visit any of the Texas Credit Union Service Centers for convenient access to your Credit Union accounts.  You are invited to use these centers as you would use our main office for deposits, withdrawals, travelers’ cheques, money orders, free ATM withdrawals, and more. 


Sugar Land
15303 Southwest Freeway
281.242.3200

Northwest Houston
5507-E FM 1960 West
281.580.1557

Southeast Houston
12346 B Gulf Freeway
713.946.5828

Galleria Area
5444 Westheimer (CMS Energy Building)
713.627.4000

You may also access your Credit Union accounts via QuickLink Internet Account Access (www.enronfcu.com), QuickTeller Automated Phone System (713.853.1466 or 800.321.1396), phone, fax, or e-mail.

If I am laid off from my job with Enron Corp., am I still a member of EFCU?
Yes.  Once you are a member of EFCU, you are a member as long as you keep your account open, and you maintain all account holder benefits and services.  There are no additional fees to maintain your account, regardless of your employment status with Enron.
 
Will Enron Corp. notify the Credit Union if I am laid off?
We may be notified that you have been laid off.  However, to ensure that we can assist you in the transition, please contact the Credit Union if you’ve received an official notification.

How should I notify the Credit Union if I am laid off?
You may contact the Financial Services Department at by phone at 713.853.6902 or by fax at 713.646.8091, or you may e-mail us at efcu@enron.com.  If you currently receive your Credit Union statement at work, please let us know where you would like your statement sent.  

Will you freeze my funds on deposit with EFCU in the event that I am laid off?
No, you will have complete access to all available funds.

Will my Credit Union loans be due immediately if I am laid off?
No, your loans will not be due immediately.  You will continue on your normal payment schedule.

Can I get a loan if I get laid off?
The Credit Union will continue to make loans based upon normal credit requirements.  Each request will be reviewed on an individual basis.

How would a layoff affect my loan payment method?
If you contact the Credit Union, your method of loan payment can be changed from payroll deduction to an automatic transfer from your Credit Union account or an account with another financial institution.  Otherwise, it will be converted to a mail-in coupon repayment by which monthly payments are due.  

What happens if I am unable to make my monthly loan payment?
Members having difficulty paying their consumer loans may be eligible for an extension/ deferral.  This will extend the term of your loan.  The length of the extension/ deferment may vary based on your individual circumstances.

Can I lower payments on my loan if I am laid off?
Our first recommendation will be deferment, but loan refinance requests can be reviewed on an individual basis.

If you defer my loan payment, will this reflect badly on my credit report?
No, you will not be considered past due during the deferment period as long as you comply with the agreed upon term.

Will Credit Disability Insurance cover me if I am laid off?
No, Credit Disability Insurance only covers medical disability (accident or injury).  However, if you should become injured or ill during the period while your loan is in deferment, you may still be eligible for disability insurance benefits.

Will my Line of Credit limit be reduced if I am laid off?
No, your limit will not be reduced as an automatic result of your layoff.  

Do you offer unemployment/emergency loans?
All such loan requests will be considered on an individual basis.

How do I make payments?
Check payments can be mailed to the Credit Union at P.O. Box 1188, Houston, Texas, 77251-1188.  Cash or check payments can be taken to our Enron Building location or any Texas Credit Union Service Center branch location.  Payment transfers from a Credit Union account can be made by visiting QuickLink Internet Account Access at enronfcu.com or by calling our QuickTeller Automated Phone System at 713.853.1466 or 800.321.1396. 
