H.R.4
SAFE Act of 2001 (Placed on the Calendar in the Senate)



Subtitle B--Improvements to Federal Oil and Gas Management
SEC. 6221. SHORT TITLE.
This subtitle may be cited as the `Federal Oil and Gas Lease Management Improvement Demonstration Program Act of 2001'.
SEC. 6222. STUDY OF IMPEDIMENTS TO EFFICIENT LEASE OPERATIONS.
(a) IN GENERAL- The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall jointly undertake a study of the impediments to efficient oil and gas leasing and operations on Federal onshore lands in order to identify means by which unnecessary impediments to the expeditious exploration and production of oil and natural gas on such lands can be removed.
(b) CONTENTS- The study under subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) A review of the process by which Federal land managers accept or reject an offer to lease, including the timeframes in which such offers are acted upon, the reasons for any delays in acting upon such offers, and any recommendations for expediting the response to such offers.
(2) A review of the approval process for applications for permits to drill, including the timeframes in which such applications are approved, the impact of compliance with other Federal laws on such timeframes, any other reasons for delays in making such approvals, and any recommendations for expediting such approvals.
(3) A review of the approval process for surface use plans of operation, including the timeframes in which such applications are approved, the impact of compliance with other Federal laws on such timeframes, any other reasons for delays in making such approvals, and any recommendations for expediting such approvals.
(4) A review of the process for administrative appeal of decisions or orders of officers or employees of the Bureau of Land Management with respect to a Federal oil or gas lease, including the timeframes in which such appeals are heard and decided, any reasons for delays in hearing or deciding such appeals, and any recommendations for expediting the appeals process.
(c) REPORT- The Secretaries shall report the findings and recommendations resulting from the study required by this section to the Committee on Resources of the House of Representatives and to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate no later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act.
SEC. 6223. ELIMINATION OF UNWARRANTED DENIALS AND STAYS.
(a) IN GENERAL- The Secretary shall ensure that unwarranted denials and stays of lease issuance and unwarranted restrictions on lease operations are eliminated from the administration of oil and natural gas leasing on Federal land.
(b) PREPARATION OF LEASING PLAN OR ANALYSIS- In preparing a management plan or leasing analysis for oil or natural gas leasing on Federal lands administered by the Bureau of Land Management or the Forest Service, the Secretary concerned shall--
(1) identify and review the restrictions on surface use and operations imposed under the laws (including regulations) of the State in which the lands are located;
(2) consult with the appropriate State agency regarding the reasons for the State restrictions identified under paragraph (1);
(3) identify any differences between the State restrictions identified under paragraph (1) and any restrictions on surface use and operations that would apply under the lease; and
(4) prepare and provide upon request a written explanation of such differences.
(c) REJECTION OF OFFER TO LEASE-
(1) IN GENERAL- If the Secretary rejects an offer to lease Federal lands for oil or natural gas development on the ground that the land is unavailable for oil and natural gas leasing, the Secretary shall provide a written, detailed explanation of the reasons the land is unavailable for leasing.
(2) PREVIOUS RESOURCE MANAGEMENT DECISION- If the determination of unavailability is based on a previous resource management decision, the explanation shall include a careful assessment of whether the reasons underlying the previous decision are still persuasive.
(3) SEGREGATION OF AVAILABLE LAND FROM UNAVAILABLE LAND- The Secretary may not reject an offer to lease Federal land for oil and natural gas development that is available for such leasing on the ground that the offer includes land unavailable for leasing. The Secretary shall segregate available land from unavailable land, on the offeror's request following notice by the Secretary, before acting on the offer to lease.
(d) DISAPPROVAL OR REQUIRED MODIFICATION OF SURFACE USE PLANS OF OPERATIONS AND APPLICATION FOR PERMIT TO DRILL- The Secretary shall provide a written, detailed explanation of the reasons for disapproving or requiring modifications of any surface use plan of operations or application for permit to drill with respect to oil or natural gas development on Federal lands.
(e) PRESERVATION OF FEDERAL AUTHORITY- Nothing in this section or in any identification, review, or explanation prepared under this section shall be construed--
(1) to limit the authority of the Federal Government to impose lease stipulations, restrictions, requirements, or other terms that are different than those that apply under State law; or
(2) to affect the procedures that apply to judicial review of actions taken under this subsection.
SEC. 6224. LIMITATION ON COST RECOVERY FOR APPLICATIONS.
Notwithstanding sections 304 and 504 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1734, 1764) and section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall not recover the Secretary's costs with respect to applications and other documents relating to oil and gas leases.
SEC. 6225. CONSULTATION WITH SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE.
Section 17(h) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 226(h)) is amended to read as follows:
`(h)(1) In issuing any lease on National Forest System lands reserved from the public domain, the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Secretary of Agriculture in determining stipulations on surface use under the lease.
`(2)(A) A lease on lands referred to in paragraph (1) may not be issued if the Secretary of Agriculture determines, after consultation under paragraph (1) and consultation with the Regional Forester having administrative jurisdiction over the National Forest System Lands concerned, that the terms and conditions of the lease, including any prohibition on surface occupancy for lease operations, will not be sufficient to adequately protect such lands under the National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.).
`(B) The authority of the Secretary of Agriculture under this paragraph may be delegated only to the Undersecretary of Agriculture for Natural Resources and Environment.
`(3) The Secretary of Agriculture shall include in the record of decision for a determination under paragraph (2)(A)--
`(A) any written statement regarding the determination that is prepared by a Regional Forester consulted by the Secretary under paragraph (2)(A) regarding the determination; or
`(B) an explanation why such a statement by the Regional Forester is not included.
Subtitle C--Miscellaneous
SEC. 6231. OFFSHORE SUBSALT DEVELOPMENT.
Section 5 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act of 1953 (43 U.S.C. 1334) is amended by adding at the end the following:
`(k) SUSPENSION OF OPERATIONS FOR SUBSALT EXPLORATION- Notwithstanding any other provision of law or regulation, to prevent waste caused by the drilling of unnecessary wells and to facilitate the discovery of additional hydrocarbon reserves, the Secretary may grant a request for a suspension of operations under any lease to allow the reprocessing and reinterpretation of geophysical data to identify and define drilling objectives beneath allocthonus salt sheets.'.
SEC. 6232. PROGRAM ON OIL AND GAS ROYALTIES IN KIND.
(a) APPLICABILITY OF SECTION- Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the provisions of this section shall apply to all royalty in kind accepted by the Secretary of the Interior under any Federal oil or gas lease or permit under section 36 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 192), section 27 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1353), or any other mineral leasing law, in the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act through September 30, 2006.
(b) TERMS AND CONDITIONS- All royalty accruing to the United States under any Federal oil or gas lease or permit under the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) shall, on the demand of the Secretary of the Interior, be paid in oil or gas. If the Secretary of the Interior makes such a demand, the following provisions apply to such payment:
(1) Delivery by, or on behalf of, the lessee of the royalty amount and quality due under the lease satisfies the lessee's royalty obligation for the amount delivered, except that transportation and processing reimbursements paid to, or deductions claimed by, the lessee shall be subject to review and audit.
(2) Royalty production shall be placed in marketable condition by the lessee at no cost to the United States.
(3) The Secretary of the Interior may--
(A) sell or otherwise dispose of any royalty oil or gas taken in kind (other than oil or gas taken under section 27(a)(3) of the Outer Continental Shlef Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1353(a)(3)) for not less than the market price; and
(B) transport or process any oil or gas royalty taken in kind.
(4) The Secretary of the Interior may, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, retain and use a portion of the revenues from the sale of oil and gas royalties taken in kind that otherwise would be deposited to miscellaneous receipts, without regard to fiscal year limitation, or may use royalty production, to pay the cost of--
(A) transporting the oil or gas,
(B) processing the gas, or
(C) disposing of the oil or gas.
(5) The Secretary may not use revenues from the sale of oil and gas royalties taken in kind to pay for personnel, travel, or other administrative costs of the Federal Government.
(c) REIMBURSEMENT OF COST- If the lessee, pursuant to an agreement with the United States or as provided in the lease, processes the royalty gas or delivers the royalty oil or gas at a point not on or adjacent to the lease area, the Secretary of the Interior shall--
(1) reimburse the lessee for the reasonable costs of transportation (not including gathering) from the lease to the point of delivery or for processing costs; or
(2) at the discretion of the Secretary of the Interior, allow the lessee to deduct such transportation or processing costs in reporting and paying royalties in value for other Federal oil and gas leases.
(d) BENEFIT TO THE UNITED STATES REQUIRED- The Secretary may receive oil or gas royalties in kind only if the Secretary determines that receiving such royalties provides benefits to the United States greater than or equal to those that would be realized under a comparable royalty in value program.
(e) REPORT TO CONGRESS- For each of the fiscal years 2002 through 2006 in which the United States takes oil or gas royalties in kind from production in any State or from the Outer Continental Shelf, excluding royalties taken in kind and sold to refineries under subsection (h), the Secretary of the Interior shall provide a report to the Congress describing--
(1) the methodology or methodologies used by the Secretary to determine compliance with subsection (d), including performance standards for comparing amounts received by the United States derived from such royalties in kind to amounts likely to have been received had royalties been taken in value;
(2) an explanation of the evaluation that led the Secretary to take royalties in kind from a lease or group of leases, including the expected revenue effect of taking royalties in kind;
(3) actual amounts received by the United States derived from taking royalties in kind, and costs and savings incurred by the United States associated with taking royalties in kind; and
(4) an evaluation of other relevant public benefits or detriments associated with taking royalties in kind.
(f) DEDUCTION OF EXPENSES-
(1) IN GENERAL- Before making payments under section 35 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191) or section 8(g) of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (30 U.S.C. 1337(g)) of revenues derived from the sale of royalty production taken in kind from a lease, the Secretary of the Interior shall deduct amounts paid or deducted under subsections (b)(4) and (c), and shall deposit such amounts to miscellaneous receipts.
(2) ACCOUNTING FOR DEDUCTIONS- If the Secretary of the Interior allows the lessee to deduct transportation or processing costs under subsection (c), the Secretary may not reduce any payments to recipients of revenues derived from any other Federal oil and gas lease as a consequence of that deduction.
(g) CONSULTATION WITH STATES- The Secretary of the Interior--
(1) shall consult with a State before conducting a royalty in kind program under this title within the State, and may delegate management of any portion of the Federal royalty in kind program to such State except as otherwise prohibited by Federal law; and
(2) shall consult annually with any State from which Federal oil or gas royalty is being taken in kind to ensure to the maximum extent practicable that the royalty in kind program provides revenues to the State greater than or equal to those which would be realized under a comparable royalty in value program.
(h) PROVISIONS FOR SMALL REFINERIES-
(1) PREFERENCE- If the Secretary of the Interior determines that sufficient supplies of crude oil are not available in the open market to refineries not having their own source of supply for crude oil, the Secretary may grant preference to such refineries in the sale of any royalty oil accruing or reserved to the United States under Federal oil and gas leases issued under any mineral leasing law, for processing or use in such refineries at private sale at not less than the market price.
(2) PRORATION AMONG REFINERIES IN PRODUCTION AREA- In disposing of oil under this subsection, the Secretary of the Interior may, at the discretion of the Secretary, prorate such oil among such refineries in the area in which the oil is produced.
(i) DISPOSITION TO FEDERAL AGENCIES-
(1) ONSHORE ROYALTY- Any royalty oil or gas taken by the Secretary in kind from onshore oil and gas leases may be sold at not less than the market price to any department or agency of the United States.
(2) OFFSHORE ROYALTY- Any royalty oil or gas taken in kind from Federal oil and gas leases on the Outer Continental Shelf may be disposed of only under section 27 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1353).
(j) PREFERENCE FOR FEDERAL LOW-INCOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS- In disposing of royalty oil or gas taken in kind under this section, the Secretary may grant a preference to any person, including any State or Federal agency, for the purpose of providing additional resources to any Federal low-income energy assistance program.
SEC. 6233. MARGINAL WELL PRODUCTION INCENTIVES.
To enhance the economics of marginal oil and gas production by increasing the ultimate recovery from marginal wells when the cash price of West Texas Intermediate crude oil, as posted on the Dow Jones Commodities Index chart, is less than $15 per barrel for 180 consecutive pricing days or when the price of natural gas delivered at Henry Hub, Louisiana, is less than $2.00 per million British thermal units for 180 consecutive days, the Secretary shall reduce the royalty rate as production declines for--
(1) onshore oil wells producing less than 30 barrels per day;
(2) onshore gas wells producing less than 120 million British thermal units per day;
(3) offshore oil wells producing less than 300 barrels of oil per day; and
(4) offshore gas wells producing less than 1,200 million British thermal units per day.
SEC. 6234. REIMBURSEMENT FOR COSTS OF NEPA ANALYSES, DOCUMENTATION, AND STUDIES.
(a) IN GENERAL- The Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 37 the following:
`REIMBURSEMENT FOR COSTS OF CERTAIN ANALYSES, DOCUMENTATION, AND STUDIES
`SEC. 38. (a) IN GENERAL- The Secretary of the Interior may, through royalty credits, reimburse a person who is a lessee, operator, operating rights owner, or applicant for an oil or gas lease under this Act for amounts paid by the person for preparation by the Secretary (or a contractor or other person selected by the Secretary) of any project-level analysis, documentation, or related study required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to the lease.
`(b) CONDITIONS- The Secretary may provide reimbursement under subsection (b) only if--
`(1) adequate funding to enable the Secretary to timely prepare the analysis, documentation, or related study is not appropriated;
`(2) the person paid the costs voluntarily; and
`(3) the person maintains records of its costs in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary.'.
(b) APPLICATION- The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to any lease entered into before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act.
(c) DEADLINE FOR REGULATIONS- The Secretary shall issue regulations implementing the amendments made by this section by not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.
SEC. 6235. ENCOURAGEMENT OF STATE AND PROVINCIAL PROHIBITIONS ON OFF-SHORE DRILLING IN THE GREAT LAKES.
(a) FINDINGS- The Congress finds the following:
(1) The water resources of the Great Lakes Basin are precious public natural resources, shared and held in trust by the States of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin, and the Canadian Province of Ontario.
(2) The environmental dangers associated with off-shore drilling in the Great Lakes for oil and gas outweigh the potential benefits of such drilling.
(3) In accordance with the Submerged Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.), each State that borders any of the Great Lakes has authority over the area between that State's coastline and the boundary of Canada or another State.

