ENFOLIO® MASTER "SPOT" PURCHASE/SALE AGREEMENT
II

Enron North America Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Company"), and J.M. Huber Corporation, a New Jersey corporation ("Customer"), referred to collectively as the "Parties," enter into this Master "Spot" Purchase/Sale Agreement (together with all Transactions, collectively, this "Agreement") effective as of the 1st Day of October, 2001 (the "Effective Date").  The ENFOLIO General Provisions set forth in Appendix "1" shall apply to this Agreement.


ARTICLE 1. TERM  This Agreement shall govern all Transactions and continue in effect from Month to Month, unless terminated by either Party upon 30 Days prior written notice to the other Party; provided, this Agreement shall continue to apply to all Transactions then in effect until completed.  Termination of this Agreement in all instances shall be subject to Section 8.4.   

ARTICLE 2. SCOPE OF AGREEMENT  2.1. Scope of Agreement.  Company and Customer from time to time may, but are not obligated to, enter into Transactions for the purchase and sale of Gas to which this Agreement shall apply.  Each Transaction shall be effectuated and evidenced as set forth in this Article 2 and shall constitute a part of this Agreement and all Transactions, together with this Agreement, shall constitute a single integrated agreement.  It is acknowledged that the Parties are relying upon the fact that all Transactions, together with this Agreement, will form a single integrated agreement and that the Parties would not otherwise enter into any Transactions.  Each Transaction shall be construed as one with this Agreement and any discrepancy between this Agreement and a Transaction shall be resolved in favor of the Transaction.  Each Transaction shall indicate the Tier of Gas applicable to the DCQ during the Period of Delivery.

2.2. Transaction Procedures.  The Parties intend to facilitate Transactions in accordance with this Article 2 and assure that such Transactions are valid and enforceable.  Any Transaction may be formed and effectuated in a recorded telephone conversation between the Parties occurring on any Business Day during the Pricing Hours whereby an offer and acceptance shall constitute the agreement of the Parties to a Transaction as evidenced by the Transaction Tape.  The Parties shall be legally bound by each Transaction from the time they agree to its terms in accordance with this Article 2 and acknowledge that each Party will rely thereon in doing business related to the Transaction.  The Transaction Tape is adopted by the Parties as a means by which a Transaction is reduced to tangible form, and the Parties to a Transaction are identified and authenticate a Transaction.  Any Transaction formed and effectuated pursuant hereto shall be considered to be a "writing" or "in writing" and to have been "signed" and any Transaction Tape shall be considered to constitute an "original" document evidencing the Transaction.  Each Party consents to the recording of its employees' telephone conversations.  It is understood and agreed by the Parties that either Party may request a letter of credit or other collateral prior to consummating any Transaction hereunder; provided, nothing herein shall obligate any Party to provide such a letter of credit or other collateral without having made an agreement so to do in respect of such Transaction.
   
2.3. Equipment and Transaction Tape.  Company shall at its expense maintain equipment necessary to regularly record Transactions on Transaction Tapes in such manner as to protect its business records from improper access; provided, Company shall not be liable for any malfunction of equipment or the operation thereof in respect of any Transaction WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CAUSE OR CAUSES RELATED THERETO, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY PARTY, WHETHER SUCH NEGLIGENCE BE SOLE, JOINT OR CONCURRENT, OR ACTIVE OR PASSIVE.  No Transaction shall be vitiated should a malfunction occur in equipment regularly utilized for recording Transactions or retaining Transaction Tapes or the operation thereof, and in such event, the Transaction shall be evidenced by the written and computer records of the Parties concerning the Transaction made contemporaneously with the telephone conversation.

2.4. Confirmations.  In addition to, but not in lieu of, the foregoing, the Parties agree that Company may confirm a recorded telephonic Transaction by forwarding to Customer by facsimile or mail a Confirmation.  Company adopts its letterhead, invoice or check remittance, in each case including its address, as its signature on any Confirmation and as the identification of Company and authentication by Company of the Confirmation, and such shall be sufficient to verify that Company originated the Confirmation.  The Parties acknowledge that with respect to (i) any Transaction having a Period of Delivery less than one Month and (ii) amendments to any Transaction, Company may only provide an invoice or check remittance form of Confirmation pursuant to the billing and payment provisions herein.  Subject only to billing and payment adjustments allowed hereunder to reconcile Scheduled volumes and actual receipts and deliveries, the Parties agree that any objections to the contents of a Confirmation shall be made in writing on or before the Confirm Deadline for all purposes hereunder and at law.  Upon issuance of a Confirmation and the passage of the Confirm Deadline, if no objection to the Confirmation has been then received, the Confirmation shall be conclusive evidence of the Transaction made the subject matter thereof and the final expression of all of its terms.

2.5. Enforcement of Transactions.  The Parties agree not to contest or assert a defense to the validity or enforceability of telephonic Transactions entered into in accordance with this Agreement under laws relating to (i) whether certain agreements are to be in writing or signed by the Party to be thereby bound or (ii) the authority of any employee of the Party if the employee name is stated in the Transaction Tape.   

ARTICLE 3.  QUANTITY OBLIGATIONS  3.1. Tier 1 Interruptible Gas.  Seller and Buyer shall Schedule, or cause to be Scheduled, at the Delivery Point(s) each Gas Day on an interruptible basis a quantity of Gas equal to the DCQ.  Either Party may, at its sole discretion and without liability, interrupt, in whole or in part, the Scheduling of Gas at any time for any reason upon prior notice to the other Party specifying the amount and duration of the interruption sufficient to allow the notified Party to make changes to its Transporter nominations in accordance with its Transporter's procedures; provided, in no event shall any interruption be made upon less than twelve hours prior notice unless otherwise agreed.  No notice of interruption may be retroactive to a prior time.  

3.2  Interruption Without Notice.  Should an interruption occur without the notice herein required, the interrupting Party shall be liable for and pay all associated penalties and cashout costs and losses charged by either Transporter, if any; further, if the subject Gas is transported by an Intrastate Transporter, the interrupting Party shall also pay the non-interrupting Party an amount equal to $0.05 multiplied by one-half of the DCQ. 

3.3. Tier 3 Firm Gas.  Obligations of Seller Seller shall Schedule, or cause to be Scheduled, at the Delivery Point(s) each Gas Day on a firm basis a quantity of Gas equal to the DCQ.  If on any Gas Day Seller fails to Schedule the DCQ, then such occurrence shall constitute a "Seller's Deficiency Default" and "Seller's Deficiency Quantity" shall be the numerical difference between the DCQ and the quantity of Gas Scheduled for such Gas Day.  In the event of a Seller's Deficiency Default, Seller shall pay Buyer the sum of the following:  (i) an amount equal to the product of the Seller's Deficiency Quantity multiplied by the Replacement Price Differential, plus (ii) liquidated damages equal to $0.15 multiplied by Seller's Deficiency Quantity to cover Buyer's administrative and operational costs.    Obligations of Buyer Buyer shall Schedule, or cause to be Scheduled, at the Delivery Point(s) each Gas Day on a firm basis a quantity of Gas equal to the DCQ.  If on any Gas Day Buyer fails to Schedule the DCQ, then such occurrence shall constitute a "Buyer's Deficiency Default" and "Buyer's Deficiency Quantity" shall be the numerical difference between the DCQ and the quantity of Gas Scheduled for such Gas Day.  In the event of a Buyer's Deficiency Default, Buyer shall pay Seller the sum of the following:  (i) an amount equal to the product of Buyer's Deficiency Quantity multiplied by the Replacement Price Differential, plus (ii) liquidated damages equal to $0.15 multiplied by Buyer's Deficiency Quantity to cover Seller's administrative and operational costs.  

3.4. Payments.  Subject to offset, payment to Buyer of amounts set forth in this Article 3 shall be made on the 25th Day of the Month in which Seller receives Buyer's statement for same and payment to Seller of amounts set forth in this Article 3 shall be made in accordance with the Financial Matters provisions set forth in Appendix "1."  

ARTICLE 4.  OTHER EVENTS AND REMEDIES  4.1. Bankruptcy.  If either Party shall (i) make an assignment or any general arrangement for the benefit of creditors, (ii) file a petition or otherwise commence, authorize or acquiesce in the commencement of a proceeding or cause under any bankruptcy or similar law for the protection of creditors, or have such petition filed against it and such proceeding remains undismissed for 10 Days, (iii) otherwise become bankrupt or insolvent or (iv) be unable to pay its debts as due ( a "Bankruptcy Event") during the term of this Agreement, then (a) all Transactions and this Agreement shall automatically terminate except as provided in Section 8.4, and (b) the other Party may withhold any payments due in respect of such Transactions and shall calculate its damages with respect to Tier 3 Firm Gas, including its associated costs and attorneys' fees, if any, resulting from the termination of the Transactions in accordance with the provisions of Article 3 as if no further Scheduling of Gas will occur after a Bankruptcy Event (the “Termination Payment”).  All Transactions shall be netted against each other and upon the netting of all terminated transactions, the Termination Payment shall be immediately due and payable by the Party owing the Termination Payment.  If a Bankruptcy Event occurs, the Party not incurring the Bankruptcy Event may (at its election) set off any or all amounts which the Party incurring the Bankruptcy Event owes to it or its Affiliates against any or all amounts which the Party not incurring the Bankruptcy Event owes to the other Party (either under this Agreement or otherwise).

4.2. Law and Regulation.  If either Party's activities hereunder become subject to law or regulation of any kind which renders this Agreement illegal or unenforceable, then either Party shall at such time have the right to terminate all Transactions and this Agreement upon written notice to the other Party, subject to Section 8.4.

4.3. Offset.  Each Party reserves to itself all rights, set-offs, counterclaims and other remedies and defenses consistent with Section 8.3 (to the extent not expressly herein waived or denied) to which such Party has or may be entitled.  All outstanding Transactions and the obligations to make payment in connection therewith or under this Agreement may be offset against each other, set off or recouped therefrom.

ARTICLE 5.  FORCE MAJEURE  This Article 5 is the sole and exclusive excuse of performance hereunder and all other excuses at law or in equity are WAIVED to the extent permitted by law.  Except with respect to payment obligations, in the event either Party is rendered unable, wholly or in part, by Force Majeure to carry out its obligations hereunder, it is agreed that upon such Party's giving notice of such Force Majeure to the other Party as soon as reasonably possible, the obligations of the Party giving such notice, to the extent they are affected by such event, shall be suspended from the inception and during the continuance of the Force Majeure.  The Party receiving notice of Force Majeure may immediately take such action as it deems necessary at its expense for any associated Period of Delivery.  The cause of the Force Majeure shall be remedied with reasonable diligence and dispatch.  

ARTICLE 6.  TAXES  The Contract Price includes full reimbursement for, and Seller is liable for and shall pay, or cause to be paid, or reimburse Buyer if Buyer has paid, all Taxes applicable to the Gas sold upstream of the Delivery Point(s).  In the event Buyer is required to remit such Tax, the amount thereof shall be deducted from any sums becoming due to Seller hereunder. Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer from any Claims for such Taxes.  The Contract Price does not include reimbursement for, and Buyer is liable for and shall pay, cause to be paid, or reimburse Seller if Seller has paid, all Taxes applicable to the Gas sold downstream of or at the Delivery Point(s), including any Taxes imposed or collected by a taxing authority with jurisdiction over Buyer.  Buyer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller from any Claims for such Taxes.  Upon request, a Party shall provide a certificate of exemption or other evidence of exemption from any Tax and each Party agrees to cooperate with the other in obtaining an exemption and minimizing Taxes payable in respect of all Transactions.

ARTICLE 7.  TITLE, RISK OF LOSS, INDEMNITY AND BALANCING  
7.1. Title, Risk of Loss and Indemnity. As between the Parties, Seller shall be deemed to be in exclusive control and possession of Gas Scheduled hereunder and responsible for any damage or injury caused thereby prior to the time the same shall have been delivered to Buyer.  After delivery of Gas to Buyer at the Delivery Point(s), Buyer shall be deemed to be in exclusive control and possession thereof and responsible for any injury or damage caused thereby.  Title to Gas Scheduled hereunder shall pass from Seller to Buyer at the Delivery Point(s).  Each Party assumes all liability for and shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party from any Claims, including injury to and death of persons, arising from any act or incident occurring when title to Gas is vested in the Indemnifying Party.  IT IS THE INTENT OF THE PARTIES THAT THIS INDEMNITY AND THE LIABILITY ASSUMED UNDER IT BE WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CAUSE OR CAUSES THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY INDEMNIFIED PARTY, WHETHER SUCH NEGLIGENCE BE SOLE, JOINT OR CONCURRENT, OR ACTIVE OR PASSIVE; PROVIDED, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM TO THE EXTENT SAME RESULTED FROM THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR BAD FAITH OF THE INDEMNIFIED PARTY.

7.2. Correction of Imbalances, Cashouts and Penalties.  A.  Differences between Scheduled quantities and actual quantities delivered and received hereunder ("Imbalances") will be corrected or settled in cash or Gas as the Parties agree.  In the event of (i) an Imbalance on Buyer's Transporter's system caused by Seller or Seller's Transporter's delivery of less or more than the Scheduled quantity for any Gas Day (in which case Seller shall be the "Responsible Party") or (ii) an Imbalance on Seller's Transporter's system caused by Buyer or Buyer's Transporter's receipt of more or less than the Scheduled quantity for any Gas Day (in which case Buyer shall be the "Responsible Party"), the Responsible Party shall be liable for and reimburse to the other Party any associated Transporter cashout costs and losses or penalties incurred by such other Party.  In the event the tariff of either Buyer's or Seller's Transporter provides for cashouts on the basis of the aggregation of all overdeliveries and underdeliveries between such Transporter and Buyer or Seller, respectively (the "Aggregate Transporter Imbalance"), and the nature of the Imbalance (overdelivery or underdelivery) attributable to the Responsible Party is the same as the Aggregate Transporter Imbalance (overdelivery or underdelivery), the Responsible Party shall participate in the other Party's cashout settlement of the Aggregate Transporter Imbalance on the basis of only the Responsible Party's pro-rata share thereof.  B.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Paragraph A, if either Transporter is an Intrastate Transporter this Paragraph B shall apply.  If Buyer or Buyer's Transporter is responsible for receipt of Gas on Seller's account in an amount greater than the DCQ or other quantity set forth in a notice of interruption properly issued in accordance with this Agreement and (i) such excess Gas was not Scheduled by Seller for delivery to Buyer (the "Overtake") and (ii) the Overtake is more than two percent of the DCQ or such other quantity, if applicable, then Buyer shall pay the following amount for the Overtake:  the Contract Price plus liquidated damages equal to $0.15 multiplied by the MMBtus equal to the Overtake.  If Seller or Seller's Transporter is responsible for delivery of Gas in an amount greater than the DCQ or other quantity set forth in a notice of interruption properly issued in accordance with this Agreement and (i) such excess Gas was not Scheduled by Buyer for receipt from Seller (the "Overdelivery"), and (ii) the Overdelivery is more than two percent of the DCQ, or such other quantity, if applicable, Buyer shall pay only the following amount for the quantity of the Overdelivery:  the Contract Price minus $0.25 multiplied by the MMBtus equal to the Overdelivery.  Subject to offset, payment to Buyer of amounts set forth in this Article 7 shall be made no later than 10 Days after receipt by Seller of Buyer's statement for same and payment to Seller of amounts set forth in this Article 7 shall be made in accordance with the Billing and Payment provisions set forth in Appendix "1." 

ARTICLE 8.  MISCELLANEOUS  8.1. Notices.  All notices shall be made as specified in Appendix "1."  Notices required to be in writing shall be delivered in written form by letter, facsimile or other documentary form.  Notice by facsimile or hand delivery shall be deemed to have been received by the close of the Business Day on which it was transmitted or hand delivered (unless transmitted or hand delivered after close in which case it shall be deemed received at the close of the next Business Day) or such earlier time confirmed by the receiving Party.  Notice by overnight mail or courier shall be deemed to have been received two Business Days after it was sent or such earlier time confirmed by the receiving Party.  Any notices given in respect of the termination of this Agreement shall be also sent to the address or facsimile number so specified in Appendix "1."  Any Party may change its addresses by providing notice of same in accordance herewith.  Should Customer, acting as Seller, utilize the services of a third party representative under this Agreement (the "Seller's Representative"), Customer shall notify Company of same in writing authorizing Company to conduct operations under this Agreement with the Seller's Representative and consent to the recording of conversations with the Seller's Representative without further notice.  No appointment of a Seller's Representative will discharge Customer of its obligations hereunder and Customer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company from any Claims made as a result of any act or omission to act of a Seller's Representative WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CAUSE OR CAUSES RELATED THERETO, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION THE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY PARTY, WHETHER SUCH NEGLIGENCE BE SOLE, JOINT OR CONCURRENT, OR ACTIVE OR PASSIVE. 

8.2. Transfer.  This Agreement, including, without limitation, such indemnification, shall inure to and bind the permitted successors and assigns of the Parties; provided, neither Party shall transfer this Agreement without the prior approval of the other Party which may be withheld entirely at the option of such Party; provided further, either Party may, without the consent of the other Party (and without relieving itself from liability hereunder), (i) transfer, sell, pledge, encumber or assign this Agreement or the accounts, revenues or proceeds hereof in connection with any financing or other financial arrangements, (ii) transfer or assign this Agreement to any Affiliate by assignment, merger or otherwise, or (iii) transfer or assign this Agreement to any person or entity succeeding to all or substantially of the assets of such Party.  Any Party’s transfer in violation of this Section 8.2 shall be void.

8.3. Limitation of Remedies, Liability and Damages.  THE PARTIES DO HEREBY CONFIRM THAT THE EXPRESS REMEDIES AND MEASURES OF DAMAGES PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT SATISFY THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSES HEREOF.  FOR BREACH OF ANY PROVISION FOR WHICH AN EXPRESS REMEDY OR MEASURE OF DAMAGES IS HEREIN PROVIDED, SUCH EXPRESS REMEDY OR MEASURE OF DAMAGES SHALL BE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY HEREUNDER, THE OBLIGOR'S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED AS SET FORTH IN SUCH PROVISION AND ALL OTHER REMEDIES OR DAMAGES AT LAW OR IN EQUITY ARE WAIVED.  IF NO REMEDY OR MEASURE OF DAMAGES IS EXPRESSLY HEREIN PROVIDED, THE OBLIGOR'S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO DIRECT ACTUAL DAMAGES ONLY, SUCH DIRECT ACTUAL DAMAGES SHALL BE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY HEREUNDER AND ALL OTHER REMEDIES OR DAMAGES AT LAW OR IN EQUITY ARE WAIVED.  NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR OTHER BUSINESS INTERRUPTION DAMAGES, IN TORT, CONTRACT, UNDER ANY INDEMNITY PROVISION OR OTHERWISE.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY PENALTIES OR CHARGES ASSESSED BY ANY TRANSPORTER FOR THE UNAUTHORIZED RECEIPT OF GAS BY THE OTHER PARTY.  IT IS THE INTENT OF THE PARTIES THAT THE LIMITATIONS HEREIN IMPOSED ON REMEDIES AND THE MEASURE OF DAMAGES BE WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CAUSE OR CAUSES RELATED THERETO, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY PARTY, WHETHER SUCH NEGLIGENCE BE SOLE, JOINT OR CONCURRENT, OR ACTIVE OR PASSIVE.  TO THE EXTENT ANY DAMAGES REQUIRED TO BE PAID HEREUNDER ARE LIQUIDATED, THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE DAMAGES ARE DIFFICULT OR IMPOSSIBLE TO DETERMINE, OTHERWISE OBTAINING AN ADEQUATE REMEDY IS INCONVENIENT AND THE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES CONSTITUTE A REASONABLE APPROXIMATION OF THE HARM OR LOSS.  SUBJECT TO THE NOTICES HEREIN REQUIRED FOR INTERRUPTIONS, NOTHING HEREIN OR UNDER ANY TRANSACTION SHALL ENTITLE SELLER OR BUYER TO DELIVER OR TAKE ANY TIER 1 GAS, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW SELLER AND BUYER DO HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO DAMAGES UNDER STATE LAWS AND REGULATIONS REQUIRING RATABLE PRODUCTION OR TAKING.  BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND IS CONTRACTING FOR THE GOODS TO BE SUPPLIED BY SELLER BASED SOLELY UPON THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES HEREIN SET FORTH AND SUBJECT TO SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, ACCEPTS SUCH GOODS "AS-IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS."  SELLER EXPRESSLY NEGATES ANY OTHER REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WRITTEN OR ORAL, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO CONFORMITY TO MODELS OR SAMPLES, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.    

8.4. Winding Up Arrangements.  Upon the expiration of the Parties' sale and purchase obligations under this Agreement, any monies, penalties or other charges due and owing Seller shall be paid, any corrections or adjustments to payments previously made shall be determined, and any refunds due Buyer made, within 60 Days.  Any Imbalances in receipts or deliveries shall be corrected to zero balance within 30 Days.  All indemnity and confidentiality obligations and audit rights shall survive the termination of this Agreement.  The Parties' obligations provided herein shall remain in effect for the purpose of complying herewith. 

8.5. Applicable Law.  THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH TRANSACTION AND THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED, ENFORCED AND PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW.  THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL TRANSACTIONS SHALL BE ACCEPTED AND FORMED IN THE STATE OF TEXAS ACCORDING TO THE PROCEDURES HEREIN SET FORTH.

8.6. Document, Record Retention and Evidence/Confidentiality.  This Agreement, the attachments hereto, if any, and each Transaction, constitute the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter contemplated by this Agreement.  There are no prior or contemporaneous agreements or representations (whether oral or written) affecting the subject matter other than those herein expressed.  Other than with respect to Transactions entered into in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Agreement and as otherwise herein expressly stated (the "Transaction Procedures"), no amendment or modification to this Agreement shall be enforceable, unless reduced to writing and executed by both Parties.  The conduct of the Parties in accordance with the Transaction Procedures shall evidence a course of dealing and a course of performance accepted by the Parties in furtherance of this Agreement and all Transactions entered into by the Parties.  The provisions of this Agreement shall not impart rights enforceable by any person, firm or organization not a Party or not bound as a Party, or not a permitted successor or assignee of a Party bound to this Agreement.  Except as otherwise herein stated, any provision, article or section declared or rendered unlawful by a court of law or regulatory agency with jurisdiction over the Parties or deemed unlawful because of a statutory change will not otherwise affect the lawful obligations that arise under this Agreement.  The headings used for the Articles herein are for convenience and reference purposes only.  All attachments referenced in this Agreement, if any, are incorporated.  Any original executed Agreement or other related document may be photocopied and stored on computer tapes and disks (the "Imaged Agreement"). The Imaged Agreement, if introduced as evidence on paper, the Confirmation, if introduced as evidence in automated facsimile form, the Transaction Tape, if introduced as evidence in its original form and as transcribed onto paper, and all computer records of the foregoing, if introduced as evidence in printed format, in any judicial, arbitration, mediation or administrative proceedings, will be admissible as between the Parties to the same extent and under the same conditions as other business records originated and maintained in documentary form.  Neither Party shall object to the admissibility of the Transaction Tape, the Confirmation or the Imaged Agreement (or photocopies of the transcription of the Transaction Tape, the Confirmation or the Imaged Agreement) on the basis that such were not originated or maintained in documentary form under either the hearsay rule, the best evidence rule or other rule of evidence.  Each Party shall not disclose the terms of any Transaction to a third party (other than the Party's and its affiliates' employees, lenders, counsel or accountants or prospective purchasers of any rights under any Transactions who have agreed to keep such terms confidential) except in order to comply with any applicable law, order, regulation or exchange rule; provided, each Party shall notify the other Party of any proceeding of which it is aware which may result in disclosure and use reasonable efforts to prevent or limit the disclosure.  The provisions of the Agreement other than the terms of any Transaction are not subject to this confidentiality obligation.  The Parties shall be entitled to all remedies available at law or in equity to enforce, or seek relief in connection with, this confidentiality obligation; provided, all monetary damages shall be limited in accordance with Section 8.3.

8.7. Representations and Warranties.  Seller in any Transaction represents and warrants that title to Gas to be Scheduled by Seller is free from all production burdens, liens and adverse claims and its right to sell the same, and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer against all Claims to or against the title of said Gas.  
8.8. Waiver or Consent/Authority.  No waiver or consent by either Party, express or implied, of any one or more defaults by the other Party in the performance of any provision of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver or consent of any other default or defaults whether of a like or different nature.  Failure by a Party to complain of any act of the other Party or to declare the other Party in default with respect to this Agreement, regardless of how long that failure continues, shall not constitute a waiver by that Party of its rights with respect to that default until the applicable statute of  limitations period has run.  Each Party represents to the other Party that each of its employees, and any Seller's Representative, if applicable, has authority to enter into Transactions pursuant to this Agreement on its behalf.  Identification and authority of a Party's employee or Seller's Representative engaging in a recorded telephonic Transaction shall be conclusively established for all purposes by a statement on the Transaction Tape by such person of the person's name; provided, failure to state the name shall not evidence any lack of authority of such person to effectuate and form a Transaction. 

8.9. Indemnifications.  With respect to each indemnification included in this Agreement the indemnity is given to the extent authorized by law and the following provisions shall be applicable.  The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party in writing of any Claim and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume its investigation and defense, including employment of counsel, and shall be obligated to pay related attorneys' fees; provided, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ at its expense separate counsel and participate in the defense of any Claim.  The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of a Claim without its express written consent thereto.  The Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party for payments made or costs incurred in respect of an indemnity with the proceeds of any judgment, insurance, bond, surety or other recovery made with respect to a covered event.

8.10. Arbitration.  Any dispute relating to this Agreement shall be resolved by binding, self-administered arbitration pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and all such proceedings shall be subject to the Federal Arbitration Act.  Only damages allowed pursuant to this Agreement may be awarded and the arbitrator shall have no authority to award treble, exemplary or punitive damages of any type under any circumstances regardless of whether such damages may be available under Texas law.

The Parties have executed this Agreement in multiple counterparts to be construed as one effective on the Effective Date.



ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.  

By: 
Title: 


J. M. HUBER CORPORATION

By:______________________________________
Title:_____________________________________

O:\Legal\DPerlin\2001\Contracts\J.M. HUBER (SPOT).doc



APPENDIX "1"
ENFOLIO GENERAL PROVISIONS
Usage and Definitions All references to Articles and Sections are to those in this Agreement.  The following definitions and terms defined internally in this Agreement shall apply to this Agreement and all notices and communications made pursuant to this Agreement.
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any person, any other person (other than an individual) that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with such person.  For this purpose, “control” means the direct or indirect ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests having ordinary voting power.
"Btu" means the amount of energy required to raise the temperature of one pound of pure water one degree Fahrenheit from 59 degrees Fahrenheit to 60 degrees Fahrenheit.  The term "MMBtu" means one million Btus.
"Buyer" means the Party to a Transaction who is obligated to purchase Gas during a Period of Delivery.
"C.T." means Central Time.
"Claims" means all claims or actions, threatened or filed and whether groundless, false or fraudulent, that directly or indirectly relate to the subject matters of the indemnity, and the resulting losses, damages, expenses, attorneys' fees and court costs, whether incurred by settlement or otherwise, and whether such claims or actions are threatened or filed prior to or after the termination of this Agreement.
"Confirmation" means a written notice confirming the specific terms of a Transaction or amendment thereto which may be in any form adequate at law, including, without limitation, a listing of terms, an invoice or a check remittance.   
"Confirm Deadline" means 48 hours after a Party receives a Confirmation; provided, if the Confirmation is not received during a Business Day it shall be deemed received at the open of the next Business Day.
"Contract Price" means the price per MMBtu for the purchase or sale of Gas pursuant to a Transaction.
"Daily Contract Quantity" ("DCQ") means the quantity of Gas to be Scheduled, sold and purchased each Gas Day pursuant to a Transaction as either:
 "Tier 1 Interruptible Gas"--subject to the provisions hereof, both Parties may without liability interrupt, in whole or in part, the sale or purchase of the DCQ during the Period of Delivery in accordance with the provisions hereof for any reason; or        
 "Tier 3 Firm Gas"-- subject to the provisions hereof, Buyer and Seller are firmly obligated to Schedule, sell and purchase the DCQ during the Period of Delivery, which shall be less than or equal to one Month; and which, in each case, shall be the maximum quantity of Gas which may be Scheduled, delivered or received each Gas Day.
"Day" means a period of 24 consecutive hours, beginning at midnight C.T. on any calendar Day.  "Business Day" means a Day on which Company is open for business and a Business Day shall open at 8:00 a.m. and close at 5:00 p.m. local time.  "Gas Day" means a period of 24 consecutive hours beginning at the time of the applicable Transporter's gas day.
"Delivery Point(s)" means the agreed point(s) of delivery pursuant to a Transaction; provided, if the Parties agree to more than one point, in its sole discretion Seller shall determine the portion of the DCQ to be Scheduled at each point.
"Force Majeure" means an event not anticipated as of the Effective Date, which is not within the reasonable control of the Party, or in the case of third party obligations or facilities, the third party, claiming suspension, and which by the exercise of due diligence such Party, or third party, is unable to overcome or obtain or cause to be obtained a commercially reasonable substitute performance therefor; provided, neither (i) the loss of Buyer's markets nor Buyer's inability economically to use or resell Gas purchased hereunder nor (ii) the loss or failure of Seller's Gas supply, including, without limitation, depletion of reserves or other failure of production, nor Seller's ability to sell Gas to a market at a more advantageous price, shall constitute an event of Force Majeure.  "Force Majeure" shall include an event of Force Majeure occurring with respect to the facilities or services of Buyer's or Seller's Transporter.
"Gas" means methane and other gaseous hydrocarbons meeting the quality standards and specifications of Company's Transporter.
"Indemnified Party" and "Indemnifying Party" mean the Party receiving and providing an indemnity, respectively.
"Interest Rate" means, for any date, two percent over the per annum rate of interest announced as the "Prime Rate" from time to time for commercial loans by Citibank, N. A. as established by the administrative body of such bank charged with the responsibility of establishing such rate, as same may change from time to time; provided, the Interest Rate shall never exceed the maximum lawful rate permitted by applicable law.
"Measuring Party" means Company's Transporter which shall be responsible for the measurement of Gas hereunder.
"Month" means a period of time beginning at midnight C.T. on the first Day of any calendar Month and ending at midnight C.T. on the first Day of the following calendar Month.
"Period of Delivery" means the period from the date Scheduling obligations are to commence to the date same are to terminate under a Transaction; provided, such period for Tier 3 Firm Gas shall not exceed one Month. 
"Pipeline" means a company authorized to ship Gas on behalf of itself or others on physical Gas transmission facilities.
"Pricing Hours" means the hours C.T. from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. of each Business Day.
"Replacement Price Differential" means (i) in the event of a Seller's Deficiency Default, the positive difference, if any, obtained by subtracting the Contract Price from the Spot Price for the Gas Day in which the default occurred and (ii) in the event of a Buyer's Deficiency Default, the positive difference, if any, obtained by subtracting the Spot Price for the Gas Day in which the default occurred from the Contract Price.  
"Scheduling" or "Schedule," when used in reference to Seller, means to make Gas available, or cause Gas to be made available, at the Delivery Point(s) for delivery to or for the account of Buyer, including making all Pipeline nominations, and when used in reference to Buyer, means to receive, or cause Buyer's Transporter to make available at the Delivery Point(s) transportation capacity sufficient to permit Buyer's Transporter to receive, the quantities Seller has available at such Delivery Point(s), including making all Pipeline nominations.  
"Seller" means the Party to a Transaction who is obligated to sell Gas during a Period of Delivery.
"Spot Price" means the price set forth in Gas Daily® (Financial Times Energy), or successor publication, in the column "Daily Price Survey" under the listing applicable to the geographic location closest in proximity to the Delivery Point(s) for the relevant Gas Day; provided if there is no single price published for that particular Gas Day, but there is published a range of prices, then the Spot Price shall be the average of such high and low prices.  In the event that no price or range of prices is published for that particular Gas Day, then the Spot Price shall be the average of the following:  the price (determined as stated above) for each of the first Gas Day immediately preceding and following the Gas Day in which the default occurred for which a Spot Price can be determined.  If the Spot Price index is not available in the future, the Parties agree to negotiate an alternate index for the Spot Price to take effect as of the date the prior index is unavailable. 
"Taxes" means any or all ad valorem, property, occupation, severance, production, extraction, first use, conservation, Btu or energy, gathering, transport, Pipeline, utility, gross receipts, gas or oil revenue, gas or oil import, privilege, sales, use, consumption, excise, lease, transaction, and other or new taxes, governmental charges, licenses, fees, permits and assessments, or increases therein, other than taxes based on net income or net worth.
"Transaction" means an agreement and any amendment or modification thereof made in accordance herewith for the purchase or sale of Gas to be performed hereunder.
"Transaction Tape" means the tape recording of a recorded Transaction effectuated in accordance with Article 2. 
"Transporter" means either the Pipeline delivering or receiving Gas at a Delivery Point in a Transaction and "Intrastate Transporter" means a Transporter which is an intrastate Pipeline under applicable law and regulation and is regulated by a State jurisdictional authority and "State" means, if used, the state in which the Intrastate Transporter operates its Pipeline and in which it is regulated.
Operations and Delivery  Scheduling Requests.  Should either Party change the quantities to be Scheduled from the DCQ, with respect to Tier 1  Interruptible Gas such Party shall provide to the other Party facsimile notice of interruption in accordance with the requirements of Article 3, and with respect to Tier 3 Firm Gas such Party (without affecting its liability under Article 3) shall provide to the other Party facsimile notice thereof not later than one Business Day prior to the earlier of Buyer's or Seller's Transporter's nomination deadline for the applicable Gas Day.  Scheduling requests will be accepted at the numbers and shall be confirmed by facsimile as set forth in this Appendix "1."  Nothing in this Agreement, including an event of Force Majeure, shall require or permit either Party to Schedule Gas at a point other than a Delivery Point or in excess of the DCQ.  In the event Gas subject to this Agreement is in whole or in part composed of casinghead Gas or other priority Gas under applicable regulations, neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for any Claims with respect to the interruption of Gas in accordance herewith.  Any interruption, Transaction expiration or termination, or other event occurring pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement resulting in the discontinuance of the Scheduling of Gas shall be considered a consent by Seller to disconnect the Buyer's Transporter's facilities under Rule 73, Conservation Rules and Regulations of the Railroad Commission of Texas. 
Transportation.  Seller shall obtain, or cause to be obtained, transportation to the Delivery Point, and Buyer shall obtain, or cause to be obtained, transportation from the Delivery Point.  
Gas Specifications and Measurement.  Seller represents that all Gas delivered hereunder shall meet or exceed the specifications of Company's Transporter set forth in the applicable tariff or, in respect of an Intrastate Transporter, the applicable transportation agreement.  At appropriate intervals the Measuring Party shall measure Gas purchased and sold hereunder in accordance with the applicable tariff or, in respect of an Intrastate Transporter, the applicable transportation agreement.  Any costs thereof billed by the Measuring Party shall be shared equally between the Parties.  If the Measuring Party determines that measurement error results from pulsation, the Party or its designee owning the facilities causing the pulsation shall at its expense within 60 Days of its receipt of notification of same reduce the pulsation to a level such that the square root error in respect of pulsation is not greater than one percent; provided, the pulsation testing device and testing procedures shall be mutually agreed by the Parties and the Parties shall have the right to witness all pulsation testing time prescribed.
Financial Matters  Billing, Invoice Date, Charges and Payment.  By the 10th Day of each calendar Month following the Month in which Gas was purchased and sold under a Transaction, Seller shall provide Buyer with a written statement covering the preceding Month, including, without limitation, any charges due under Articles 3 and 7.  Billing and payment will be based on Scheduled quantities and the difference, if any, between Scheduled and actual quantities delivered or accepted shall be treated as Imbalances under Article 7; provided, if Gas is transported by an Intrastate Transporter billing and payment will be based on actual receipts and deliveries.  Within five Business Days of the request of either Party, the other Party shall provide, to the extent it has a legal right of access thereto and/or such statement is then available, a copy of the Transporter's allocation or imbalance statement applicable to Gas sold hereunder for the requested period.  Buyer shall remit any amounts due on the 25th Day of the Month in which Seller's statement was received.  If the due date for any payment to be made under this Agreement is not a Business Day, the due date for such payment shall be the following Business Day.  Payment of all funds shall be made in U. S. currency and as indicated below in this Appendix "1" in such manner that funds are immediately available to the payee on the applicable due date.  Each Party shall take all actions necessary to effect payments in accordance with the process stated in Appendix "1."  If Buyer or Seller should fail to remit any amounts in full and in immediately available funds when due hereunder interest on the unpaid portion shall accrue from the date due at a rate equal to the Interest Rate.  In the event that Buyer and Seller are each required to pay an amount in the same Month hereunder, then such amounts with respect to each Party may be aggregated and the Parties may discharge their obligations to pay through netting, in which case the Party, if any, owing the greater aggregate amount may pay to the other Party the difference between the amounts owed.
Audit Rights.  During the term of this Agreement and for a period of two years from the date of termination of a Transaction, Buyer or Seller or any third party representative thereof shall have the right, upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times, to examine the books and records of the other to the extent reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of any billing statement, payment demand, charge, payment or computation made under this Agreement.

NOTICE / COMMUNICATION / PAYMENT

TO COMPANY:

Notices/Correspondence:      
P.O. Box 4428
Houston, Texas   77210-4428
Attn:  Deal Clearing and Documentation Desk
Facsimile No.  (713) 646-4816
Termination Notice Facsimile No.  (713) 646-4818
Invoices:
P.O. Box 4428
Houston, Texas   77210-4428
Attn:  Client Services
Facsimile No.  (713) 646-8420
Payments:
Wire payment to the following account:
Enron North America Corp.
ABA Routing 111000012 Bank of America
Dallas, Texas
Account 3750494099
Post checks to the following address: 
Enron North America Corp.
P.O. Box 840201
Dallas, Texas  75284-0201


Nominations:  1(800)356-9427/1(800)FLOWGAS
Confirmations: Gas Trading 1(713)646-4816

TO CUSTOMER:
Notices/Correspondence:

J.M. Huber Corporation
11451 Katy Frwy Suite 400
Houston, Texas 77079

Invoices:

Payments:


Nominations:

Confirmations:



