BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION
OF THE STATE OF COLORADO


IN THE MATTER OF PROPSED               )
AMENDMENTS TO THE GAS COST       )   Docket No. 01R –346G
ADJUSTMENT RULES                               )


COMMENTS OF ENRON CORPORATION

Enron Corporation (“Enron”) respectfully petitions the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado (“Commission”) to allow its intervention in the referenced docket and concurrently submits the following comments for consideration concerning the proposed amendments to the Commission’s Gas Cost Adjustment (“GCA”) Rules.    
The proposed rules provide the general framework for natural gas utilities to consider and employ the various options available to address gas price volatility.  Importantly, the proposed revisions to the GCA rules require utilities to inform the Commission of the measures each utility has considered or will consider to reduce customers’ risk of gas price volatility for the upcoming Gas Purchase Year.  In addition, the proposed revisions clarify that the costs related to gas price volatility risk management may be included for recovery through the GCA.  These provisions give assurances that the Commission will allow recovery of costs related to the use of price-risk mitigation tools.  Furthermore, by not mandating that a certain portion of the gas supply portfolio be hedged or the specific hedging mechanisms to be used, the Commission has provided utilities the flexibility to consider those price-risk mitigation tools that best fit their individual needs and risk attributes.  And with regard to the options that utilities have available to manage price risk, they are numerous.  While there may be a place for some portion of long-term fixed-price contracts in a utility’s portfolio, more sophisticated price-risk management tools are available today that provide the utility increased flexibility that fixed-price contracts do not offer.  Options, calls, swaps and other financial risk management products have been extensively and successfully utilized by unregulated marketers and suppliers of natural gas and electricity for years. More importantly, the ability to design a proper portfolio of such instruments and actively manage that portfolio is critical.   Commission approval, and utility embracement, or outside procurement through outsourcing, of such products should be strongly encouraged.
While the proposed rules provide the general framework in which utilities may consider price-risk management tools, they do not go far enough to provide the appropriate incentive to the utility to actively employ price-risk mitigation measures.  
In addition to regulatory uncertainty with regard to recovery of costs associated with hedging programs, one of the reasons natural gas utilities have not more widely employed price-risk management tools is that utilities with gas cost flow-through mechanisms are not properly incented to manage their gas supply portfolios.  Increases, or decreases, in gas costs (subject to after-the-fact prudence review) are flowed-through to its customers, effectively shifting price-risk volatility to the customer.  Utilities have no incentive to hedge since they neither profit nor lose when gas supply costs increase or decrease.  The proposed revisions to the GCA Rules retain the existing purchased gas cost deferral mechanism insulating the utility from gas price risk.  While the revised rules provide the utility with the opportunity to pursue price-risk volatility mitigation measures, they do not provide the meaningful incentives for the utility to actively pursue such price-risk volatility mitigation measures.  
The proposed revisions of the GCA rules do not require utilities to employ hedges or financial derivatives.  Section 723-8-5.3.3 reads, “To the extent a utility proposes to use gas price volatility risk management tools, this exhibit shall include a description of the utility’s policy for implementing such risk management tools” [emphasis added].  While Enron does not favor prescriptive rules dictating the level and means of mitigating price-risk volatility, Enron believes that a well-managed risk management strategy can provide substantial benefits to customers (and the utility).  Risk management levelizes prices so that customers will not suffer from extreme price spikes nor will they pay, through annualized trackers, for gas they consume months or even years before.  While it can be argued that levelized prices are achievable through gas adjustment clauses, this is not really the case, as evidenced by last winter’s price run-up and associated financial hardships on Colorado gas consumers.  While the price set under a GCA may not reflect actual real-time price movements, the customers eventually pay for (or get credit) for actual prices in later months’ adjustments.  Risk management can eliminate the need to charge and collect or refund over and undercollections in subsequent months. 
Risk management can affect the transmission of market signals to consumers.  Enron believes that consumers should see prices that reflect market conditions, as then consumer behaviors will respond in appropriate ways, and the producing sector can respond appropriately as well.  Risk management allows prices to be set so that they do not fluctuate wildly, but that does not mean that market signals do not go to consumers.  The prices can still vary, and mechanisms such as monthly or seasonal pricing can give customers both price stability and market signals contemporaneously.
Some may argue that the upfront filing of the utility’s gas procurement and risk management plans, and the potential for exclusion of certain gas costs through prudence review provide incentive to the utility to manage its gas cost.  These provisions primarily address the prudence of the utility’s gas supply portfolio management decisions and arguably are separate from the measure of the actual performance of the utility.  It is imperative that the Commission not second-guess the utility’s purchase strategies based upon hindsight.  However, it is reasonable to reward the utility when it has done a good job of managing its price risk.
Enron agrees with the Public Service Company of Colorado (“Public Service”) “the best solution [to select the level of risk a consumer is willing to assume] is to let the customer select between pricing options in a way that best meets the customer’s needs.”   However, this is best done through the opening of markets and allowing third party suppliers to compete for customers by offering different types of service and pricing options.  The regulated utility should not be in the business of offering customers choice and numerous options; this is best done in a competitive market.  And competitive markets require complete unbundling of sales and transmission/distribution service to accomplish that goal.  With complete unbundling and customer choice, all customers will have the opportunity to choose among the various pricing options offered by natural gas suppliers that meet their individual needs and risk attributes.  In this vein, Enron hopes the Commission will initiate the appropriate regulatory proceedings necessary to develop rules for the implementation of meaningful choice for all gas customers in Colorado as quickly as possible.  
In the alternative, revision of the GCA gas cost deferral rules to incorporate an incentive-type recovery mechanism that would share gas cost risk between utility shareholders and its customers should be considered.  Having a portion of the company’s gas supply cost subject to risk of recovery would cause the utility to more actively manage its gas supply portfolio.
 In its report on evaluating opportunities for price-risk management through hedging options prepared by the Public Service Commission of West Virginia, the report states that “… historically, when the risk of gas cost increases was on the customer because of a PGA mechanism, the management decision was to rely on spot market prices and to forego any hedging or risk management.  However, when the risk of gas cost increases was transferred to the stockholders, hedging became the strategy of choice.”
There are various types of incentive-type or performance based rate (“PBR”) mechanisms employed by utilities across the country.    Most use some forward market-based target as a benchmark in which to compare to the utility’s actual gas costs (inclusive of expenses related to Gas Futures and financial derivatives transactions).  Savings (or costs) resulting from differences between the utility’s actual gas cost and the market benchmark, compared at the end of the GCA period, would be shared between the utility’s customers and shareholders.  The amount of sharing varies from plan to plan.  In addition, some sharing mechanisms include a dead-band in which the difference between actual costs and the target benchmark cost are automatically flowed-through to the customer.  Differences outside of the dead-band (both positive or negative) are shared based upon some agreed to percentage (which may be tiered) between the utility’s shareholders and its customers.
In order to accommodate a PBR mechanism, existing rules would need to be revised to provide for the establishment of a benchmark target.  Such rules should not be overly prescriptive, but should allow the utility some flexibility with regard to its establishment to take into account the supply sources available to the utility.  However, the rules should provide that the benchmark target is objectively established (e.g., using published index prices) and not subject to manipulation that would allow utilities the ability to “game” the benchmark target.
Monthly target prices would send more appropriate market signals to the customers of the utility.  For administration purposes, the comparison between the utility’s actual purchased gas costs to the benchmark target gas costs would be done on an annual basis.
One aspect of PBR mechanisms is a sharing of costs or gains resulting from the difference between the benchmark target price and actual gas costs.  The level of sharing varies between plans and typically there is no scientific basis for its determination.  However, the over-riding consideration in establishing a sharing percentage would be one that creates sufficient incentive for the utility to actively manage its gas costs.
Public Service has proposed in its comments in Docket No. 01I-046G a regulated fixed-price rate and a market-based rate offering.  Public Service would waive the purchased gas cost tracking provisions related to both offerings creating an incentive-type mechanism.  However, rather than sharing any differences in cost between the rate offerings and actual costs, any savings or costs would be 100% absorbed by the utility.
Enron would support rules allowing such a proposal.   However, Enron feels strongly that if multiple service offerings are provided by the utility then the threshold level for customers to have “real” competitive choice should be established as low as possible.  In addition, as addressed by various interveners in the investigatory proceeding, issues with regard to customer education, potential cross-subsidization, and early termination or exit by customers would have to be addressed. 

 Comments filed March 16, 2001 by Public Service Company of Colorado, d/b/a Xcel Energy In the Matter of the Investigation into Gas Pricing by Regulated Natural Gas Utilities, Docket No. 01I-046G.
 A Report on Natural Gas Pricing and an Evaluation of Opportunities for Price Risk Management Through Various Hedging Options, July 11, 2001, prepared by David J. Ellis, Director of Utilities Division, Public Service Commission of West Virginia

