Kent H. Harris  6641 S. Valley Circle, Morrison, CO 80465
  (W) 303-260-5166, (F) 720-946-5566, (H) 303-697-4227
  kharris@tombrown.com or easi@qwest.net
 
OBJECTIVE
A continued position in the natural gas pipeline or the oil and gas exploration industries managing business development and associated operational responsibilities for natural gas gathering, processing, oil and gas exploration, and related opportunities in the midstream and upstream sectors of the oil and natural gas industries.
 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Business, Financial and Contractual Management of Gathering, Processing and related contracts in the Piceance and Uintah Basins of Western Colorado and Eastern Utah; and the Wind River and Big Horn Basins of Wyoming, Montana, South Dakota and North Dakota. Successful completion of divestitures of related pipeline assets.
Business support for operational and construction related activities, including economic reviews and budget preparation for pipeline related projects.
Customer Service and related responsibilities for multiple upstream, midstream and downstream customers.
Managing and overseeing physical and electronic records and systems for the administration of natural gas contracts. 

QUALIFICATIONS & SKILLS

20+ Years of experience in the oil and natural gas businesses, including pipeline business development, financial management, contract administration, title, land and right-of-way analysis and administration, division orders, revenue accounting, and regulatory reporting.
Proven negotiation and contractual skills related to energy and related contracts.
Demonstrated financial management, budgeting and economic analysis skills.
Strong electronic spreadsheet, word processing and computer system skills.
Excellent written and verbal language skills, including the preparation of energy contracts and related documents.

EMPLOYMENT SUMMARY 

Tom Brown, Inc. • Denver, CO • April, 2001 to Present
  Business Development Representative
Business Development for TBI Field Services, Inc. primarily involved in divestiture activities associated with former Wildhorse Energy Partners, LLC and Rulison Gas Company, LLC assets. Plant shrink and Gathering System fuel management. Business analysis.  Contract and document preparation. 

Kinder Morgan, Inc. • Lakewood, CO • January, 1993 to April, 2001
  Business Development Representative
Business Development for Wildhorse Energy Partners, LLC and Rulison Gas Company, LLC. Previous positions at Kinder Morgan, Inc. and subsidiaries, formerly K N Energy, Inc.: Contract Administrator, Regulatory Specialist, and Supervisor - Division Orders, Tax and Revenue Accounting.

Western Gas Resources, Inc. • Denver, CO • December, 1991 to January, 1993
  Division Order Analyst

Apache Corporation • Denver, CO • June, 1991 to December, 1991
  Division Order Analyst

Ladd Petroleum Corporation • Denver, CO • January, 1987 to May, 1991
  Revenue Accountant, Division Order Analyst

Self Employed • Denver, CO • July, 1986 to January, 1987
  Division Order Analyst, Revenue Accounting, Regulatory Reporting

KN Energy, Inc. • Lakewood, CO • September, 1981 to July, 1986
  Senior Division Order Analyst for KN Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries including Midlands Gas Corporation

EDUCATION 

University of Colorado • Boulder, CO
  B.S., Finance

Wheat Ridge High School, Wheat Ridge, CO

