DRAFT

November 5, 2001


J.M. Huber Corporation
11451 Katy Freeway, Suite 400
Houston, Texas 77079

TRANSACTION AGREEMENT
(Topock)


This Transaction Agreement shall form and effectuate the agreement reached between J.M. Huber Corporation ("Customer") and Enron North America Corp. ("Company") regarding the firm purchase and sale of Gas under the following terms and conditions.  Company shall purchase and receive (Buyer) and Customer shall sell and deliver (Seller). 

DAILY CONTRACT QUANTITY (DCQ): Prior to the Allocation Date (hereafter defined), the DCQ shall be up to 30,000 MMBtu Per Day in accordance with the Scheduling provisions of this Transaction Agreement, plus Fuel Gas.  On and after the Allocation Date, the DCQ shall be the quantity of Gas equal to that portion of the Transport Capacity (hereafter defined) allocated to the primary receipt point of San Juan (the “Allocated Quantity”), plus Fuel Gas. 
MAXDQ (if applicable): N/A
MINMQ (if applicable): N/A
MINDQ (if applicable): N/A
DELIVERY POINT(S): Outlet of Seller’s Durango Compressor Station into Williams Field Services Company gathering system in La Plata County, Colorado.  
CONTRACT PRICE (per MMBtu): The Contract Price for all Package A Gas (hereafter defined) and the Allocated Quantity shall be the “Daily Midpoint” price set forth in Gas Daily® (Financial Times Energy), or successor publication, in the column "Daily Price Survey" under the listing applicable to “PG&E, large packages”, minus $0.02, minus the Transport Charges and the Gathering Charges for each Day during the Period of Delivery.  The Contract Price for all Package B Gas (hereafter defined) shall be the “Daily Midpoint” price set forth in Gas Daily® (Financial Times Energy), or successor publication, in the column "Daily Price Survey" under the listing applicable to Northwest Pipeline Wyoming Pool, minus $0.10, minus the Gathering Charges for each Day during the Period of Delivery.  
DEFINITIONS: “Allocation Date” the 1st Day of the Month following the Month in which the El Paso receipt point allocation proceedings currently before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in Docket RP00-336-00 become effective (the “Allocation Date”).
  “Fuel Gas” means the amount of Gas retained by (i) Williams Field Services Company (“WFS”) under that certain Gas Gathering Agreement dated August 1, 1999 between Buyer (as partial assignee of Seller) and WFS, as agent for Williams Gas Processing Company (the “Gathering Agreement”) as fuel and (ii) El Paso under the Transport Capacity as fuel.
  “Gathering Charges” means any and all costs and expenses of Buyer attributable to the compression, dehydration, gathering, fuel, transporting and other post production operations invoiced by WFS under the Gathering Agreement relative to the DCQ.  During all periods of Force Majeure hereunder, Seller shall reimburse Buyer for the Gathering Charges as invoiced by WFS.   
  “Transport Charges” means the net sum of all transportation charges/credits, effective for the delivery month, paid by Buyer to El Paso Natural Gas Company (“El Paso”) for the total Transport Capacity, inclusive of all demand charges, commodity charges, and all other applicable charges invoiced by El Paso for the total Transport Capacity.  During all periods of Force Majeure hereunder, Seller shall reimburse Buyer for the Transport Charges as invoiced by El Paso.  
PERIOD OF DELIVERY:   November 1, 2001 through the Allocation Date for Package A Gas.  November 1, 2001 through the earlier of (i) July 1, 2002 or (ii) the Allocation Date for Package B Gas.  The Allocation Date through May 31, 2006 for the Allocated Quantity.
SPOT PRICE LOCATION: N/A
SCHEDULING:  Buyer shall Schedule at the Delivery Point a quantity of Gas equal to the total of the following:

The quantity of Gas scheduled and confirmed by El Paso on a daily basis under the Transport Capacity from San Juan to PG&E Topock on El Paso based on a nomination of 30,000 MMBtu per Day by Buyer  (“Package A Gas”); plus
The quantity of Gas not scheduled by El Paso at PG&E Topock in (A) above and alternatively nominated by ENA and scheduled and confirmed by Northwest Pipeline Company at Ignacio (“Package B Gas”).   
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT: Company’s obligations under this Transaction Agreement are expressly subject to the following conditions precedent:

Completion of the permanent capacity release of the El Paso transportation capacity as specified in Article 2 of that certain Capacity Release and Assignment Agreement between Customer and Company of even date herewith (the “Capacity Release Agreement”).  Such transportation capacity herein referred to as the “Transport Capacity”.
Satisfaction by Customer of all the terms and conditions set forth in Article 3 of that certain Capacity Release Agreement such that Company receives the Transport Capacity necessary to perform its obligations hereunder during the Period of Delivery.
Assignment of the Gathering Agreement as set forth below such that Company receives the gathering capacity necessary to perform its obligations hereunder through the Period of Delivery and under that certain Transaction Agreement (Durango) in effect between Customer and Company of even date herewith governed by that certain Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement Governs in effect between Customer and Company dated August 1, 2000.
ASSIGNMENT OF GATHERING AGREEMENT: Seller shall partially assign the Gathering Agreement to the Buyer to the extent necessary for Buyer to perform its obligations under this Transaction Agreement.  Such assignment shall be in a form acceptable to Buyer.
INTERRUPTION BY COMPANY: Notwithstanding any to the contrary contained herein or in the ENFOLIO Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement, Company may interrupt or curtail its receipt of the DCQ hereunder, without any liability to Customer, to the extent that WFS interrupts Company’s gathering services under the Gathering Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof.
UTILIZATION OF CAPACITY: ENA shall in good faith attempt to make alternative marketing arrangements to utilize any portion of the Transport Capacity that ENA does not utilize to meet its obligations under this Transaction Agreement in order to offset any demand or reservation charges associated with the unutilized portion of the Transport Capacity; provided that ENA shall not be liable to Huber in the event that ENA is unable to execute any such arrangements.
  

This Transaction Agreement is being provided pursuant to and in accordance with the ENFOLIO Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement in effect between Customer and Company dated August 1, 2000 and constitutes part of and is subject to all of the terms and provisions of such Agreement.  Please execute this Transaction Agreement and return an executed copy to Company.  Your execution should reflect the appropriate party in your organization who has the authority to cause Customer to enter into this Transaction.  In the event Customer alters the terms of this Transaction Agreement in any manner there will be no Transaction pursuant to this Transaction Agreement.


ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.
J.M. HUBER CORPORATION




By:  
By: _______________________________________________
 Name:
 Name:
 Title:
 Title:





