


 UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
 BEFORE THE 
 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION






 In the Matter of
 Western Frontier Pipeline Company, L.L.C.
 Docket Nos. CP02-
  CP02-
 and CP02-


 APPLICATION OF
 WESTERN FRONTIER PIPELINE COMPANY, L.L.C. 
 FOR CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY 




H. Dean Jones, Vice President
Beverly H. Griffith, Vice President and General Counsel
Western Frontier Pipeline Company, L.L.C.
3800 Frederica Street
Owensboro, Kentucky  42301

      
John F. Harrington, Esq.
Fulbright and Jaworski
                    801 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
   Washington, D.C.  20004-2615
   



Dated: October ______, 2001

Filed: October ______, 2001


BEFORE

 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

OF THE

DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY

WASHINGTON, D.C.




In the Matter of  ) Docket Nos. CP02-
 ) CP02-  
Western Frontier Pipeline Company, L.L.C. ) And C02-            


APPLICATION OF
 WESTERN FRONTIER PIPELINE COMPANY, L.L.C. 
 FOR CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY 

 Western Frontier Pipeline Company, L.L.C.(Western Frontier) hereby submits an application pursuant to Section 7(c) of the Natural Gas Act (NGA), as amended and Subpart A of Part 157 of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (Commission) regulations, for a certificate of public convenience and necessity authorizing Western Frontier to construct and operate a new interstate natural gas transmission system for the transportation of 540,000 Dth/d of natural gas from supply basins in the central Rockies to mid-continent market areas. Western Frontier proposes to construct and operate the following: (1) approximately 398.45 miles of 30-inch diameter pipeline beginning in Weld County, Colorado and terminating in Beaver County, Oklahoma, (2) a 9.67 mile, 16-inch diameter lateral extending west from the proposed 30-inch mainline in Adams County, Colorado, (3) one 10,000 horsepower compressor station at the northern terminus of the 30-inch mainline in Weld County, Colorado, (4) one 20,000 horsepower compressor station in Adams County, Colorado, (5) nine measurement facilities with interconnecting pipeline, and (6) various auxiliary support facilities all described in detail herein and below.
Additionally, Western Frontier requests that the Commission (1) approve Western Frontier’s proposed recourse rates for transportation service, and approve its Pro Forma Tariff, including the authority to enter into negotiated rate agreements; (2) issue Western Frontier a blanket certificate of public convenience and necessity pursuant to Part 284, Subpart G, of the Commission’s regulations, authorizing it to provide open access transportation service to others; and (3) issue Western Frontier a blanket certificate of public convenience and necessity pursuant to Part 157, Subpart F, of the Commission’s regulations, authorizing certain construction, operation, and abandonment activities.
In support thereof, Western Frontier respectfully submits the following: 
 

I.

 APPLICANT INFORMATION

The exact name of applicant is Western Frontier Pipeline Company, L.L.C. Western Frontier is a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and is duly authorized to do business in the States of Colorado, Kansas, and Oklahoma. Its principal place of business is located at 3800 Frederica Street, Owensboro, Kentucky 42301.

The names and mailing addresses of the persons to whom communications concerning this application should be addressed are:
   
  David N. Roberts, Mgr., Certificates & Tariffs  *
  Western Frontier Pipeline Company, L.L.C.
  3800 Frederica Street
  Owensboro, Kentucky  42301
  Telephone:  (270) 688-6712

and

  Marshia Younglund, Mgr., Government Affairs *
  The Williams Companies
  1627 Eye Street NW, Suite 900
  Washington, D.C.  20006
  Telephone: (202) 833-8994 
  
*   Persons Designated for Service

II.

EXISTING OPERATIONS

The operating agreement which sets forth the principles for the business structure of Western Frontier is included in Exhibit A.  Western Frontier does not currently own or operate any pipeline facilities and is not currently involved in natural gas transportation.  Upon acceptance of the certificate of public convenience and necessity, sought herein, and commencement of proposed operations, Western Frontier will become a natural gas company, as defined by the NGA, and will be engaged in natural gas transportation subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission.

III.

 BACKGROUND


Western Frontier will provide transportation capacity of 540,000 Dth/d in order to bring natural gas from the prolific supply basins in the central Rockies to markets in the mid-continent.  Western Frontier will serve to increase the reliability and diversity of gas supply for the mid-continent interstate and intrastate pipeline grid and associated markets, and will provide an avenue for additional supply needed to support projected demand growth in the mid-continent.
Mid-continent gas supplies are estimated to be approximately 97 Tcf recoverable and potential reserves and are estimated to be 54 percent depleted. The Hugoton Basin, a major supply basin in western Kansas and Oklahoma, has exhibited an annual decline in production of approximately 10 percent.  Reservoir pressures in the  basin have also exhibited declines over time from 400 psi to near 100 psi today.  Likewise, the Anadarko Basin has exhibited an annual decline in production of approximately 4.8 percent.  The Hugoton Basin, which is a shelf like extension of the Anadarko Basin, is a major supply basin for Williams Gas Pipelines Central, Inc.’s (Williams Central) pipeline system via its Kansas-Hugoton 26-inch and Straight-Blackwell 26-inch pipelines.  These facilities transport supplies east from the Hugoton Basin to market areas in Kansas, Oklahoma, and Missouri. In recent years, both of these pipelines have had significant amounts of unutilized capacity during peak demand periods due to lack of available supply.  Beyond the need to maintain existing market demand, future growth in mid-continent markets served by Williams Central and other mid-continent interstate pipelines will likely be constrained without viable connections to alternative supply basins, such as that proposed by Western Frontier.  
Coupled with stagnant to declining supply in the mid-continent are projected demand increases.  As in many areas of the country, much of the anticipated demand increase is attributed to installation and operation of natural gas fired electrical generation. Within the proposed service area of Western Frontier and the existing service area of Williams Central, the combined present active winter generating capacity is approximately 11,439 MW.  Projections indicate that generating capacity, within the aforementioned service areas, could more than double by 2004 placing increasing demand on already declining mid-continent supplies.  Williams Central presently serves electrical generation facilities generating 4,420 MW requiring 1,150 Mdth/d of natural gas.  An additional 1,410 MW of generation capacity is under construction and will require an additional 305 Mdth/d.  In addition to existing and anticipated gas requirements for power generation on Williams Central’s system, it has experienced increased load requirements from traditional LDCs further testing existing supplies from mid-continent areas. A detailed description of the mid-continent supply scenario and market demand is presented in Exhibit I of this application.
In contrast to the mature mid-continent supply basins, the central Rockies supply basins (Powder River, Big Horn, Wind River, and Green River basins) are estimated to be only 16 percent depleted, are exhibiting proliferating production, and are estimated to hold approximately 173 Tcf of potential and recoverable reserves. Western Frontier, as proposed, will access these supply basins at the Cheyenne Hub in northern Colorado.  Western Frontier will construct facilities that will also enable access to supplies from the Denver-Julesberg (DJ) basin east of Denver, CO.  The Cheyenne Hub is a liquid point of supply drawing from the Powder River, Green River, Wind River, and Big Horn basins.  Presently, supply capability to the hub has outpaced transportation capacity away from the hub to market areas due to insufficient pipeline infrastructure.  Increasing exploration and production in the central Rockies basins, at lower costs than the mature mid-continent supply basins, in conjunction with limited pipeline infrastructure for takeaway capacity to market areas, has served to hold central Rockies gas prices marginally lower than that of the mid-continent. A detailed description of the central Rockies supply availability and the mechanisms by which Western Frontier will access these supplies is presented in Exhibit H of this application.
On June 15, 2001, Western Frontier announced a binding open season for firm transportation service on the proposed 398.45 mile, 30-inch pipeline system.  The open season lead to precedent agreements for 365,000 Dth/d of the 540,000 Dth/d available capacity on Western Frontier.  Shippers expressing interest included producers, marketers, LDCs, and utility end users.  Precedent agreements have been signed by Marathon Oil Company  (Marathon) for 75,000 Dth/day, Williams Energy Marketing and Trading Company (WEM &T) for 200,000 Dth/day, Utilicorp United, Inc.  (Utilicorp) for 15,000 Dth/day, and Entergy Power Generation Corporation (Entergy) for 75,000 Dth/day. The initial term for all these agreements is ten years, except for Marathon who has committed to a five year term with an option to extend an additional two years. Other shippers have expressed serious interest for the remaining capacity on Western Frontier, and active negotiations are moving forward with these potential shippers. Western Frontier is confident, given the level of interest expressed by these parties and the status of such negotiations, that the remaining capacity will be committed in the upcoming months.

IV.
 Project Description
Western Frontier proposes to construct and operate a new natural gas transmission system that will begin at the existing Cheyenne Hub in Weld County, Colorado. The approximately 398 mile pipeline system will traverse eastern Colorado and western Kansas before terminating in the panhandle of Oklahoma in Beaver County. Western Frontier will be capable of transporting 540,000 Dth/d of natural gas from the Cheyenne Hub to interconnections with Williams Central and other interstate pipelines in Kansas and Oklahoma. 
Substantial gathering and pipeline infrastructure is in place and being constructed to transport natural gas from the Powder River, Big Horn, Green River and Wind River supply basins to the Cheyenne Hub, as is detailed in Exhibit H of this application. Western Frontier proposes to interconnect with the Colorado Interstate Gas Company (CIG) and Wyoming Interstate Company, Ltd. (WIC) interstate systems at the Cheyenne Hub where supply being transported from the aforementioned supply basins will be received by Western Frontier.
To further enhance its supply options, Western Frontier will construct a 9.67 mile, 16-inch lateral from the proposed 30-inch mainline to the Wattenberg gas processing plant, which is one of the larger gas processing facilities that processes gas produced from the previously mentioned DJ basin.  Moving downstream on the 30-inch line, Western Frontier will interconnect with Williams Central’s Kansas-Hugoton 26-inch line near Mile 339 and Straight-Blackwell 26-inch line near Mile 398. Along this approximately 59 mile long stretch of pipeline between these two interconnects, Western Frontier proposes to interconnect with four other interstate pipeline systems that traverse the mid-continent, including Northern Natural Gas Company (Northern Natural), ANR Pipeline Company (ANR), Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America (NGPL), and Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Company (Panhandle), thus providing multiple avenues for gas produced in the central Rockies to be transported throughout the mid-continent using the existing pipeline grid.  Descriptions of upstream capacity of the Cheyenne Hub, downstream capacity of the interstate grid, and the details and mechanism dealing with transport from the well-head to the market area are further described in Exhibits H and I of this application.

V.
Authorizations Requested

Construction/Operation Certificate


Western Frontier requests the Commission to issue a certificate of public convenience and necessity, pursuant to Section 7(c) of the NGA and Subpart A of Part 157 of the Commission’s regulations, authorizing Western Frontier to construct and operate a new interstate natural gas transmission system consisting of the facilities described in detail in Exhibit F-1, separately bound.
  
1. Facility Descriptions
Pipeline facilities proposed to be constructed and operated by Western Frontier include 398.45 miles of 30-inch diameter mainline, a 9.67-mile, 16-inch diameter lateral line to connect the 30-inch mainline with the Wattenberg gas processing plant east of Denver, CO., and two interconnecting laterals at the Cheyenne Hub, which includes one 1,650-foot, 30-inch lateral to connect with WIC and one 2,400-foot, 16-inch lateral to connect with CIG. 
Western Frontier will construct and operate two compressor stations. The new Chalk Bluff station will be constructed at the Cheyenne Hub, the beginning point of the 30-inch mainline in Weld County, CO. This station will consist of one 10,000 horsepower (iso rated) Solar Taurus 70 turbine/compressor package and other auxiliary support facilities.  The new Denver station will be constructed near mile 87.4, of the 30-inch mainline, east of Denver in Adams County, CO. This station will consist of two 10,000 horsepower (iso rated) Solar Taurus turbine/compressor packages and auxiliary support facilities.
Nine measurement facilities are proposed by Western Frontier and are as follows: (1) two separate receipt measurement facilities at the interconnects with CIG and WIC at the Cheyenne Hub, (2) one receipt measurement facility near the westernmost terminus of the proposed 9.67-mile Wattenberg lateral, (3) one delivery measurement facility at the interconnect between Western Frontier and Williams Central’s Kansas-Hugoton pipeline, (4) one delivery measurement facility at each of the four proposed interconnects with other interstate pipelines (Northern Natural, NGPL, Panhandle, and ANR), and (5) one delivery measurement facility, near the terminus of the 30-inch mainline, to interconnect with Williams Central’s Straight-Blackwell pipeline.
Western Frontier will construct various auxiliary support facilities such as block valves and pig traps.  A detailed description and location of all proposed facilities is included in Exhibit F-1, separately bound, of this application.  A general location map and facilities schematic of the proposed Western Frontier facilities is included in Exhibit F of this application.
2. System Capacity and Operations 
 The initial firm design capacity of the Western Frontier system for transportation from Cheyenne to the Williams Central Straight-Blackwell interconnect is approximately 540 MMcf per day.  The design day facilities are detailed in Exhibits G and G-II hereto.
  The firm design day capacity is the maximum capacity that will consistently be available year-round.  It is based on a summer day analysis, assuming that gas supplies from the Cheyenne Hub enter the system at a pressure of at least 900 psig and exit the system at the Williams Central Straight-Blackwell interconnect at a pressure of 750 psig.  The design pressure assumptions are consistent with commitments that Western Frontier anticipates it will have to make when entering into interconnect arrangements with other interstate pipelines.
          The Western Frontier system is designed to facilitate relatively inexpensive expansions to accommodate future market growth.  Adding additional compression at the existing stations and/or new midstream compression could provide significant incremental capacity, if necessary.
         Although the Western Frontier project is designed to physically flow gas in one direction, from the Cheyenne Hub to the WGP Central Straight-Blackwell interconnect, the system will be able to accommodate backhauls by displacement.  
 3. Estimated Costs and Financing

 As detailed in Exhibit K hereto, the estimated total cost of the Western Frontier system is approximately $365.7 million.
 Western Frontier plans to finance the project, based on a capital structure of 50% debt and 50% equity.  The initial pre-construction activities have been funded by Williams Gas Pipeline Company using funds on hand.  Upon placement of construction financing, all existing pre-construction investment will be converted to short-term debt funding and all subsequent pre-construction and construction period funding will consist of short-term debt.  The short-term debt will be converted to long-term debt and equity upon completion of the project.  Although the actual terms and conditions of the long-term debt will depend upon the financial market conditions existing at the time such debt is raised, for the purposes of the exhibits in this application an illustrative interest rate of 8.0% has been assumed.

B. Initial Rate Approvals
 Western Frontier requests that the FERC approve its proposed initial recourse rates for transportation services and grant it authority to enter into negotiated rate agreements as provided in its Pro Forma Tariff.
 1. Recourse Rates
 The initial transportation rates proposed by Western Frontier for recourse rate shippers are traditional cost-of-service based rates, using a straight fixed-variable rate design methodology and a Dth-mile cost allocation to two rate zones.
 The recourse cost-of-service underlying the recourse rates reflects a traditional rate profile utilizing a 50% debt and 50% equity capital structure, 8% interest on debt, 13% return on equity and 40 year depreciation life.  (See Exhibit N attached hereto.)  These cost-of-service factors are consistent with the rate design assumptions recently approved by the Commission for other major pipeline construction projects.
 The proposed initial recourse maximum daily reservation rates for firm service under Rate Schedule FTS are $0.3500 per Dth of contract demand for service in Zone 1 and $0.0794 per Dth of contract demand for service in Zone 2.  (See derivation in Exhibit P attached hereto.)  The commodity rate for each zone is $0.0027 per Dth.  Rates for Zone 1 and Zone 2 are discrete and are additive for transactions involving the transportation of gas in more than one zone.  The proposed initial recourse maximum commodity rates for interruptible service under Rate Schedule ITS are the 100% load factor equivalent of the Rate Schedule FTS rates for each zone.  Additionally, the ACA surcharge set forth in the Tariff will apply to all deliveries under Rate Schedules FTS and ITS.
 Shippers must also reimburse Western Frontier in-kind for applicable fuel use and lost and unaccounted-for gas, in accordance with the procedures set forth in Rate Schedules FTS and ITS and Section 12 of the General Terms and Conditions (GT&C) in the Pro Forma Tariff.  The Zone 1 and Zone 2 forward haul reimbursement factors reflect the projected fuel use and projected lost and unaccounted for gas allocated between the zones on a Dth-mile basis.  Backhaul paths in Zone 1 and Zone 2 where Western Frontier proposes to waive the fuel component of the fuel reimbursement factor are identified in Section 12 of the GT&C.  Western Frontier proposes to file a fuel and loss tracker annually to restate the reimbursement factors to reflect projected usage and a true-up adjustment.  Since Western Frontier has no storage and only limited line pack flexibility, Western Frontier also requests the right to make out-of-cycle fuel and loss tracker filings when and  if the accumulated over or under recovery of fuel and loss is significant enough that it is causing operational problems.
 2. Negotiated Rates
 Negotiated rate provisions are set forth in Section 26 of the GT&C in the Pro Forma Tariff.  For any negotiated rate transaction, such provisions require Western Frontier to submit either its negotiated rate agreement or a Tariff sheet stating the shipper name, the rate schedule, the negotiated rate, the receipt and delivery points and the contract quantities.  The Western Frontier rate schedules each provide that the ACA surcharge and applicable fuel use and lost and unaccounted-for gas reimbursement, as described above, will also apply to any negotiated rate.  In accordance with Commission policy, Western Frontier will keep separate and identifiable accounts for any quantities transported, billing determinants, rate components, surcharges and revenue associated with its negotiated rates in sufficient detail that they can be identified in Statements G, I and J as necessary for any future NGA Section 4 or 5 rate case.
 The four precedent agreements included in Exhibit I contain negotiated rates and reflect the following: (1) a ten year, 15,000 Dth/d  FTS agreement with Utilicorp for transportation from the Cheyenne Hub to an interconnect with Williams Gas Pipelines, Central in the Kansas Hugoton area (zone 1) at a combined reservation and commodity rate of $.25 per Dth at a 100% load factor; (2) a ten year (beginning December 1, 2004), 75,000 Dth/d FTS agreement with Entergy for transportation from the Cheyenne Hub to an interconnect with Williams Gas Pipelines, Central in the Kansas Hugoton area (zone 1) at a combined reservation and commodity rate of $.25 per Dth at a 100% load factor; (3) a ten year, 200,000 Dth/d FTS agreement with WEM&T for transportation from the Cheyenne Hub to an interconnect with Williams Gas Pipelines, Central in the Oklahoma Hugoton area (zone 2) at a combined reservation and commodity rate of $.30 per Dth at a 100% load factor; and (4) a 5 year (with an option to extend for 2 years), 75,000 Dth/d FTS agreement with Marathon for transportation from the Cheyenne Hub to interconnects with ANR, Panhandle, and Williams Gas Pipelines, Central in the Oklahoma Hugoton area (all in zone 2) at a combined reservation and commodity rate of $.32 per Dth at a 100% load factor.  All of the negotiated rates are less than the proposed recourse rates as respects the initial years project's operation and are fixed rates for the term of the agreements.  The negotiated rates were derived with recognition to distance of haul and length of term, essentially reflecting a levelized rate concept.  Western Frontier was willing to accept lower returns in the early years of long term firm agreements with the anchor tenants of this project in exchange for the certainty and stability the long term agreements provide.   

C. Pro Forma Tariff Approval
 Western Frontier requests the Commission to approve the Pro Forma Tariff included in Exhibit P hereto.  The Tariff includes Rate Schedules FTS for firm service, ITS for interruptible service, and PAL for park and loan service with the GT&C structured to conform to the requirements of applicable Commission regulations and policies.  The tariff provides authority to render these services pursuant to negotiated rates as well as under recourse rates.  The fuel and lost and unaccounted for gas reimbursement procedures and the negotiated rate provisions in the GT&C are described above.
 As required under regulations promulgated in Order No. 636, et seq., the Pro Forma Tariff provides for unbundled, open-access transportation under non-discriminatory terms and conditions and includes provisions for capacity release and flexible access to receipt and delivery points.  Procedures for marketing available capacity or expiring contract capacity also are set forth in the GT&C.  Under other provisions in the GT&C, pooling service is available to any party for supply aggregation in either Zone 1 or Zone 2.
 Consistent with Order No. 637, et seq., the pro form Tariff provides for segmentation of capacity in both the capacity release and nomination processes; scheduling equality for shippers acquiring released capacity; a superior scheduling priority for within-the path secondary nominations; imbalance netting/trading provisions; a right of first refusal provisions and temporary removal of the rate ceiling for short-term capacity releases.
 Since Western Frontier has no storage and limited line pack flexibility, operational flow order (OFO) provisions are proposed to ensure that firm service reliability will not be impaired by excessive imbalances on its system.  The Pro Forma Tariff provides for crediting of OFO penalty revenues to non-offending shippers.  In the event of curtailment or interruption of service, priority provisions are established in the GT&C.  Rate Schedule FTS provides for reservation charge credits, except for reasons of force majeure, when Western Frontier is unable to transport a firm shipper's request for transportation from primary receipt points to primary delivery points up to the maximum daily transportation quantity.
 The provisions for new receipt and delivery facilities on the Western Frontier system, as set forth in the GT&C, are consistent with the Commission’s interconnect policy.
 The GT&C also conform to the applicable Gas Industry Standards Board ("GISB") standards, including standards for nominations, flowing gas, invoicing, electronic delivery mechanisms and capacity release.
 The GT&C also include marketing affiliate related provisions that comply with applicable requirements in Parts 161 and 250 of the regulations.  Upon approval of the Pro Forma Tariff, Western Frontier will submit its Standards of Conduct compliance filing as required under Part 161.



D.  Blanket Transportation Certificate

 Western Frontier requests the Commission to issue a blanket certificate of public convenience and necessity, pursuant to Subpart G of Part 284, of the Commission’s regulations, authorizing Western Frontier to provide open-access, natural gas transportation services under its approved Tariff. Western Frontier hereby states that it will comply with the conditions set forth in Subpart A of Part 284 of the Commission’s regulations.


E.  Blanket Facilities Certificate

 Western Frontier requests the Commission to issue a blanket certificate of public convenience and necessity, pursuant to Subpart F of Part 157, of the Commission’s regulations, authorizing Western Frontier to perform certain routine construction, operation, and abandonment activities. Western Frontier hereby states that it will comply with the terms, conditions, and procedures specified in Subpart F of Part 157 of the Commission’s regulations.

F.  Timing

 Western Frontier requests that the Commission issue a preliminary determination on the non-environmental aspects of its requested authorizations by March 6, 2002, and an initial order granting the requested authorizations by December 11, 2002. These approval time frames are necessary for Western Frontier to maintain its estimated project costs and construction schedule. In order to insure pipe delivery within a time frame required to construct and place the proposed facilities in-service by November 1, 2003, Western Frontier must place orders for pipe in March 2002, thus the need for a preliminary determination on non-environmental matters by March 6, 2002. Western Frontier proposes to place all facilities in-service by November 1, 2003, and has committed, to those shippers identified herein, to be in service by this date.  To place facilities in-service by November 1, 2003, Western Frontier must commence construction by April 1, 2003. To allow for potential condemnation proceedings, if any, which may take from 60 to 90 days from the acceptance of the order to complete, receipt of an initial order by December 11, 2002 is critical to enable commencement of construction by April 1, 2003. 
 To facilitate the Commission’s ability to accommodate the requested approval schedule, Western Frontier has agreed to fund a third-party contractor for review of environmental information supplied by Western Frontier and the corresponding preparation of environmental review documents. The Commission Staff has selected Foster-Wheeler Corporation (Foster-Wheeler) as the third party contractor for the review of environmental data and the preparation of the corresponding environmental assessment (EA) or environmental impact statement (EIS). Western Frontier has completed the requisite contractual arrangements with Foster-Wheeler.

VI

Public Convenience and Necessity

 Western Frontier submits that pursuant to the Commission’s Statement of Policy on Certification of New Interstate Natural Gas Facilities (Policy Statement), the new pipeline system described herein is required by the public convenience and necessity.  Western Frontier, as stated previously, provides access to comparatively new and competitively priced gas supplies to both existing and growth markets in mid-continent areas of the United States.  As a new pipeline company with no existing customers, it already satisfies the requirement under current Commission policy that proposed projects should not rely on financial subsidization by existing customers.  As discussed in detail below, Western Frontier believes it will have minimal, if any, adverse impact on existing pipelines, and minimal adverse impacts on landowners, communities and the environment along the proposed pipeline route.  Western Frontier submits that based on the project’s substantial public benefits, any adverse impacts are outweighed, and thus consistent with the Policy Statement, should be approved by the Commission.
1. Public Benefits.
 The application and its exhibits describe in detail the potential public benefits of the Western Frontier project.  Chief among those, is the introduction of competitively priced gas supplies from the Central Rockies to the existing mid-continent markets.  This aspect of the project is especially important to existing customers in the mid-continent area, whose 

traditional supply basins are declining in production, but whose markets are expanding to serve both traditional loads and the demand created by the installation and operation of natural gas fired electric generation.  Western Frontier provides a solution to the present constraint on capacity taking these new supplies away from the Cheyenne Hub as well as creating its own “market” hub via its proposed interconnects with various interstate pipelines at the terminus of the Western Frontier system.  In addition, Western Frontier’s design allows for relatively inexpensive and low impact expansion through the addition of horsepower.  These enhancements to the interstate pipeline grid are essential to meet the growing energy needs of mid-continent areas.
 States and communities along the pipeline route will also enjoy both direct and indirect economic benefits during construction from increased local employment and increased local spending by those construction workers (which at the projects peak, will total approximately 1,200 workers), as well as increased tax revenues generated from those purchases.  $5.2 million in use tax revenue is estimated during the period of construction.  On a permanent basis, Western Frontier will pay property taxes in the counties in which its facilities are located estimated to total approximately $6.7 million a year, for the first year.
2. Potential Adverse Impacts - Other Pipelines.
 Western Frontier believes that its proposed system will have little, if any, adverse impact on existing pipelines.  As a primarily supply access project, much of the gas transported on Western Frontier is aimed at providing existing markets on a variety of pipelines with a competitively priced supply alternative.  As described in Exhibit H, the expanding supplies being developed in the Rocky Mountain area have already “outpaced” the building of long-haul transportation capacity to reach new end-use markets, as evidenced by that area having among the lowest natural gas spot prices in the country.  Western Frontier’s total capacity is still well below the exit capacity deficiency from the Cheyenne Hub, when the proposed Medicine Bow expansion is added into the equation, and Western Frontier’s access to the DJ Basin creates the potential that not all capacity on Western Frontier will necessarily be filled from sources at the Cheyenne Hub. Western Frontier’s interstate pipeline interconnects proposed to be located near its terminus will instead enhance the national interstate pipeline grid and benefit markets on a number of interstate and intrastate systems.

Potential Adverse Impacts - Landowners and Communities
Initial route and alternate route development for Western Frontier was based on research of a number of factors including existing land use, location of populated areas, surface topography, geologic considerations, and environmental factors.    
Primary routing objectives included avoidance of populated or residential areas, forested areas, known archaeological and historical sites, environmentally sensitive areas and water-bodies including wetlands, and topographic and geologic areas presenting potential construction impediments and associated difficulties for pipeline operations and maintenance.
In addition, preliminary routing and alternative route design maximized utilization of existing ROW corridors (approximately 45 % of route); route proximity to existing highway and road infrastructure for optimum access for facility operation maintenance, and emergencies; use of non-forested agricultural lands; use of relatively flat topography with minimal rock subsurface properties; and addressed landowner concerns communicated to Western Frontier Land Representatives while securing permission to survey and civil survey efforts.
  Subsequently, Western Frontier sought more direct landowner, community, and local, state, and federal agency input through a series of six informal open houses held in or near major population centers along the proposed route in September, 2001.  In Colorado, open houses were held in Greeley on September 17, near Denver International Airport on September 18, in Limon on September 19, and Lamar on September 26.  Kansas open houses were held in Ulysses on September 24, and in Liberal on September 25.  Of the approximately 547 landowners identified along the route as affected landowners who were invited by letter and through local newspaper announcements, Western Frontier estimates 20% of affected landowners attended the various open houses.  
Western Frontier believes impacts to agricultural operations including payment for crop loss, damage and repair of local irrigation systems, land restoration to pre-construction conditions, and compensation for right-of-way were primary issues for affected landowners attending the Greeley, Limon, Lamar, Liberal, and Ulysses open houses.  In addition to the issues listed above, project impacts to property development and property values, proximity to residences, and routing along front or back property lines represented areas of concern with some landowners attending the Denver International Airport open house.  However, the Denver International Airport open house had the lowest attendance of all open houses held.
Numerous meetings have been and continue to be held with local officials and permitting agencies to seek constructive input and to familiarize them with the project. 
As part of its overall intent to embrace public outreach, Western Frontier has established a project website at http://westernfrontier.williams.com . The website contains information about the project including frequently asked questions and answers on a number of topics including landowner concerns, construction, pipeline safety and where to get information.
Based on public input at the open houses and route survey and design factors discussed above, as well as discussions with various community leaders and agency officials, Western Frontier believes the currently proposed pipeline route minimizes both landowner and environmental impacts.  However, Western Frontier will continue to work with all landowners involved as acquisition efforts proceed to address their concerns and minimize to the extent possible any perceived adverse impacts.
The current Western Frontier route proposal will require temporary or permanent easements on approximately 5,700 acres of property, as summarized in Exhibit F-1 of the Environmental Report.  Western Frontier was able to survey approximately 94% of the proposed route.  Permission to survey was denied on approximately 6% of the proposed route.
A list of affected landowners is included with the Environmental Report in Exhibit F-1.  

In accordance with Commission Orders 603, 609 and 609A:

Within 3 business days of the Commission’s public notice of the application, Western Frontier will mail formal Notification Letters to each affected landowner and all towns, communities, and local, state, and federal government agencies involved in the project.
Within three business days after a docket number is issued for the application, complete copies of the application will be made available for review in public libraries which are included with the landowner notification mentioned above and listed on Western Frontier’s website.
Within 14 days of the assignment of a docket number by the Commission, a notice that the application has been filed, a project description, location map, and a contact person and toll-free number will be published twice in local newspapers of general circulation in each county affected by the proposed route including the cities of Greeley, Denver, Limon, and Lamar, in Colorado and Ulysses and Liberal in Kansas.
Negotiations to acquire the proposed rights-of-way were initiated with some landowners beginning in early October, 2001. Based on preliminary landowner contacts, Western Frontier believes that a majority of the required easements will be obtained from landowners without the exercise of eminent domain authority.

Environmental and Safety
Western Frontier conducted extensive field surveys to identify sensitive environmental resources that could be affected by the proposed facilities and attempted, to the maximum extent possible, to locate the route and design the facilities in such a way to minimize impacts to the identified environmental resources.  The information provided in the Environmental Report (Exhibit F-1) shows that, with proposed mitigation measures and efforts, the construction and operation of the Western Frontier system will have no significant adverse impact to the human environment.
Western Frontier certifies that all the proposed facilities will be designed, constructed, tested, operated, and maintained in accordance with the requirements of Title 49 CFR, Part 192 of the U.S. Department of Transportation’s regulations and other applicable federal and state safety regulations.  

 VII.

 Related Applications

Western Frontier is unaware of any other federal, state or local authorizations necessary to effectuate the authorizations sought herein, other than those described in Exhibit F-1.

 VI.

 EXHIBITS

This abbreviated application is filed under Section 157.7(a) of the Commission’s Regulations under the NGA. Accordingly, Western Frontier has listed below the exhibits required under Section 157.14 separately indicating those which are attached and those that have been omitted as inapplicable.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION Attached hereto is a form of notice suitable for publication in the Federal Register.

EXHIBIT A    ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS. Attached hereto.

EXHIBIT B    STATE AUTHORIZATION. Attached hereto.

EXHIBIT C    COMPANY OFFICIALS. Attached hereto. 

EXHIBIT D    SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATION. Attached hereto.

EXHIBIT E    OTHER PENDING APPLICATIONS AND FILINGS. Omitted as inapplicable. Western Frontier has no other NGA applications pending.

EXHIBIT F    LOCATION OF FACILITIES. Attached hereto is a general system map and facilities schematic.

   
EXHIBIT F-I    ENVIRONMENTAL REPORT. Submitted herewith in separate volumes which include Environmental Resource Reports 1 through 12 (Volume 1), Appendices to Environmental Resource Reports (Volume 2, Books 1 through 3), Mapping Supplement to Environmental Resource Reports (Volume 3, Books 1 and 2), Cultural Resource Report 1 ( Not for Public Disclosure) and two separately bound species habitat surveys (Not for Public Disclosure).

EXHIBIT G/G-1   FLOW DIAGRAMS AND DATA. Attached hereto.

  
EXHIBIT G-II    FLOW DIAGRAMS AND DATA. Attached hereto.

   
EXHIBIT H    TOTAL GAS SUPPLY. Attached hereto. 
   

EXHIBIT I    MARKET DATA. Attached hereto. 

   
EXHIBIT K    COST OF FACILITIES. Attached hereto.

   
EXHIBIT L    FINANCING. Attached hereto. 

EXHIBIT M    CONSTRUCTION, OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT.   Western Frontier will be constructed by third party contractors supervised by employees of Williams Gas Pipeline, Inc. Western Frontier will be operated and maintained by employees of the Williams Gas Pipeline-South Central unit (Those employees currently operate and manage the Texas Gas Transmission Corporation and Williams Gas Pipelines Central, Inc. interstate systems). 
  
EXHIBIT N    REVENUE, EXPENSES AND INCOME. Attached hereto.
 
EXHIBIT O    DEPRECIATION AND DEPLETION.  A straight line depreciation rate of 2.50 %, equivalent to a 40-year life, is proposed for book depreciation purposes and determination of recourse rates. A 40-year life is reasonable for a new pipeline and is comparable to the life that has been used for new transmission plant in other proceedings.

EXHIBIT P    TARIFF. Attached hereto is Western Frontier’s Pro Forma Tariff.

   



 

CONCLUSION

Western Frontier submits that the information and data provided herein clearly demonstrates that Western Frontier is willing and able to perform the proposed actions and that such actions are required by the public convenience and necessity. Wherefore, Western Frontier respectfully requests that the Commission:


Issue a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity authorizing Western Frontier to construct and operate facilities pursuant to Section 7(c) of the NGA, as described herein; 
Approve initial recourse rates for transportation services, and approve the Pro Forma Tariff as proposed herein, which includes authority to enter into negotiated rate agreements;
Issue blanket certificates of public convenience and necessity pursuant to Subpart G of Part 284 and Subpart F of Part 157, respectively authorizing Western Frontier to provide open-access natural gas transportation services and to perform routine construction, operation, and abandonment activities;
Issue its preliminary determination on the non-environmental aspects of the proposals by March 6, 2002 and an order by December 11, 2002, so that the project can be completed by the proposed in-service date of November 1, 2003; and 
(5)   Dispose of the application in accordance with the shortened procedures set forth in Rules 801 and 802 of the Commission's Rules of Practice and Procedure, and, in that connection, Williams requests that the intermediate decision procedure be omitted and waives oral hearing and opportunity for filing exceptions to the decision of the Commission as an Initial Decision; and




Respectfully submitted,
Western Frontier Pipeline Company, L.L.C.



_____________________________
H. Dean Jones II
Vice President

 VERFICATION



COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY )
                ) ss:
COUNTY OF DAVIESS                    )


H. DEAN JONES II, being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is Vice President, Customer Services and Rates for Western Frontier Pipeline Company, L.L.C. (Western Frontier); that as such he is authorized to sign and to verify the foregoing Abbreviated Application for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity on behalf of Western Frontier Pipeline Company, L.L.C.; that he has read the Application and is familiar with the contents thereof; and that the matters and things set forth therein are true and correct to the best of his information, knowledge and belief; and that the paper copies contain the same information as the diskette.

     
____________________________
 H. Dean Jones II









 Certification of New Interstate Natural Gas Pipeline Facilities (Policy Statement), 88 FERC ¶61,227 (1999), order clarifying statement of policy, 90 FERC ¶61,128 (2000).

