






INTEROFFICE
MEMORANDUM

To:  Heidi DuBose     Department:   ENA West Gas

From:  Mark Whitt     Date:  August 14, 2001

Subject: Performance Issues
 

This memo is an official notification to Heidi Dubose that certain aspects of her job performance are not acceptable and that I have become aware of certain of her actions, which cause me great concern.


You are consistently not diligent in answering the phones.  Customer service is very important to us and the majority of our calls either go to phone mail or have to be answered by someone else.
On numerous occasions you park someone on a phone line and do not tell the person who is holding.
The office is constantly running out of supplies, as well as the supplies we have are not restocked.  Examples include the printers and the copiers, which are consistently out of paper.
The cell phones in our office have been turned off twice due to non-payment of our phone bills.
When Nicole Cortez left Enron in early May 2001, she turned in her cell phone to you and you used it for personal calls during the rest of May.  You did not ask permission to do this, nor did you tell anyone.  You incurred charges of approximately $30.  These actions greatly affect my ability to trust you.
The kitchen areas and conference rooms are constantly dirty, unkept and unstocked.
Incoming faxes regularly stack up and are not distributed.
You do not get the mail everyday.  Sometimes you wait for several days to get the mail and we do not get important documents in a timely manner.
You put forth a minimal amount of effort in doing your job.  You are far more capable than your performance suggests.
You continue to function more as a receptionist than an office manager.  Your transition into your new role has not taken place and we are in extreme need of an Office Manager.

As a result of these performance issues and your unauthorized use of a company cell phone, I am putting you on a written warning. If your performance has not shown marked and sustained improvement, you will face further disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.
