












NYSE: WMB  






Date: Oct. 24, 2001



Contact:
Dan Considine
Donny King


Williams (media relations)
Williams (customer inquiries)


(270) 688-6858
(270) 688-6968


dan.j.considine@williams.com
donny.w.king@williams.com





Williams Unit Files Western Frontier Project With FERC

OWENSBORO, Ky. – A unit of Williams (NYSE: WMB) announced today that it has filed an application with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to construct and operate the Western Frontier Pipeline in the states of Colorado, Kansas and Oklahoma.
Western Frontier Pipeline, L.L.C., a unit of Williams Gas Pipeline, proposes to construct approximately 400 miles of 30-inch diameter pipeline and 30,000 horsepower of compression designed to transport up to 540,000 dekatherms of natural gas per day to markets in the mid-continent. The pipeline would extend from the Cheyenne Hub in northeastern Colorado to Williams’ Central pipeline system and various other pipeline interconnects in southwest Kansas and the panhandle of Oklahoma. The $365 million Western Frontier system would access increasingly productive natural gas supply basins in the central Rockies region and existing basins in the Front Range area.
In addition to interconnection with the Central system, Western Frontier proposes access to other major mid-continent pipelines including ANR Pipeline, Panhandle Eastern Pipeline, Northern Natural Gas, and Natural Gas Pipeline of America. Western Frontier also would have access to the growing Oklahoma intrastate markets via the Central system. The pipeline is anticipated to be in service by Nov. 1, 2003.
“Western Frontier Pipeline is a cost-effective, environmentally responsible way to transport natural gas from prolific Rockies supply basins to markets in the mid-continent. We look forward to building this pipeline to help alleviate the current shortage of interstate pipeline capacity coming out of the region, which was recently cited by the U.S. Energy Information Administration,” said Kim Cocklin, senior vice president and general manager of Williams’ Central and Texas Gas systems.
Customers interested in Western Frontier should contact Donny King at (270) 688-6968, Mark Elliott at (270) 688-6637, or Dale Sanders at (270) 688-6944. More information on Western Frontier is also available on the Internet at:  http://westernfrontier.williams.com
More
Page 2/2  Williams Unit Files Western Frontier Project
With a system that spans the continental United States, Williams Gas Pipeline is among the nation's largest volume transporters of natural gas. The company’s gas pipeline operation is based in Houston and has offices in Salt Lake City and Owensboro.

About Williams (NYSE: WMB)
Williams, through its subsidiaries, connects businesses to energy, delivering innovative, reliable products and services.  Williams information is available at www.williams.com.

###


Portions of this document may constitute “forward-looking statements” as defined by federal law. Although the company believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. Any such statements are made in reliance on the “safe harbor” protections provided under the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in the company’s annual reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
