

CAPACITY RELEASE AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.
AND
J.M. HUBER CORPORATION




CAPACITY RELEASE AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

THIS CAPACITY RELEASE AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into August ____, 2001, (the “Effective Date”) between J.M. HUBER CORPORATION, a New Jersey corporation (hereinafter referred to as “JMH”), ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter referred to as “ENA”) (each a “Party” and collectively the “Parties”).
WHEREAS, ENA has agreed to assign and transfer the Assigned Capacity (hereafter defined) to JMH, and JMH has agreed to accept such assignment and transfer subject to the terms of this Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises hereto and the mutual covenants and agreements herein set forth, the parties hereto mutually agree as follows:
ARTICLE 1.
DEFINITIONS
1.1. Definitions. In this Agreement:
“Assigned Capacity” means the El Paso Service.
“Business day” means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a statutory holiday in California.
“Commencement Date” means November 1, 2001.
“Conditions Deadline” means 5:00 p.m. Central Time on _________, 2001.
“El Paso” means El Paso Natural Gas Company.
“El Paso Service” means firm natural gas transportation service on the El Paso Pipeline as more specifically set forth on Exhibit “A” attached hereto.
“El Paso Pipeline” means the pipeline facilities of El Paso extending from Texas to the border of California.
 “FERC” means the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
 “MMBtu” means one million British thermal units.
 “Parties” means ENA and JMH and “Party” means any of them.
 “Regulatory Authorities” means all governmental or regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the assignment of the Assigned Capacity pursuant hereto including without limitation, FERC.
 “Transfer Documents” means the documentation required by El Paso in respect of the transfer of the Assigned Capacity from ENA to JMH, in each case, effective on the Commencement Date.
1.2. Article and Section References.  Unless otherwise expressly provided, a reference in this Agreement to an “Article”, “Section” or “Subsection” is a reference to an Article, Section or Subsection of this Agreement.
1.3. Headings.  The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect or be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement.
ARTICLE 2.
TRANSFER OF ASSIGNED CAPACITY 
2.1. Agreement to Transfer and Release.  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, ENA agrees to permanently transfer and assign the Assigned Capacity to JMH and JMH agrees to accept such transfer and assignment of the Assigned Capacity.  ENA and JMH agree to enter into a prearranged permanent capacity release transaction, with JMH as the prearranged shipper, to effectuate such permanent transfer and assignment at the maximum rate specified in El Paso’s FERC approved transportation rates for El Paso Service.  
2.2 Term.  The term of the prearranged permanent capacity release described in Section 2.1 above shall commence on the Commencement Date and end on May 31, 2006.
2.3 Assumption of Obligations.  In consideration of the transfer and assignment of the Assigned Capacity by ENA to JMH pursuant hereto, JMH shall assume all liabilities and obligations associated with the Assigned Capacity under the tariffs applicable to the Assigned Capacity which arise or accrue from and after the Commencement Date.  JMH shall indemnify ENA and save ENA harmless from and against all losses, costs, claims and damages (including legal fees) which ENA suffers, sustains, pays or incurs as a consequence of the failure of JMH to pay or discharge any of such liabilities or obligations.  JMH agrees to satisfy any requirements of El Paso and execute any and all documents as may be reasonably necessary to effectuate the permanent release of the Assigned Capacity such that El Paso (i) agrees to look solely to JMH for all obligations with respect to the Assigned Capacity and (ii) unconditionally releases ENA from all obligations for demand/reservation charges, and all other charges related to the Assigned Capacity. 
2.4 Transfer Documents.  Between the date hereof and the Commencement Date, each of ENA and JMH shall execute and deliver the Transfer Documents and take all other actions required by El Paso or the terms of the tariffs applicable to the Assigned Capacity in order to transfer and permanently release the Assigned Capacity from ENA to JMH effective on the Commencement Date.  
2.5 Capacity Release Procedures.  ENA and JMH shall timely commence the procedures and posting required to effectuate the permanent capacity release specified in Section 2.1 such that permanent capacity release is completed no later than 5:00 p.m. Central Time on __________, 2001.  JMH and ENA shall follow the procedures set forth in El Paso’s tariff, including without limitation, all bid or notice deadlines, as they are required to be met in order to transfer and permanently release the Assigned Capacity, from the Commencement Date forward, from ENA to JMH effective on 5:00 p.m. Central Time on __________, 2001.

2.6  FERC Capacity Proceedings.   JMH acknowledges and agrees that El Paso’s capacity allocation procedures are under review by FERC at Docket Nos. RP99-507-000, RP00-139-000, and RP00-336-000 and the Assigned Capacity as specified herein will be bound by any modifications resulting from such proceedings which are accepted by FERC.   In the event that such proceedings result in refunds of demand or reservation charges for the Assigned Capacity for periods prior to the Commencement Date, ENA shall be entitled to all such refunds and JMH will immediately reimburse ENA for any such refunds received by JMH.
2.7 Regulatory.  If a Regulatory Authority rules that the transfer of the Assigned Capacity, or any portion thereof pursuant hereto, is void or of no effect because of failure to comply with the laws or regulations applicable to such assignment, ENA and JMH agree to immediately take all actions necessary to effectuate the capacity release of the Assigned Capacity in compliance with such laws and regulations, as long as the economic basis of this Agreement to the Parties is not materially altered.  Such actions may include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, ENA's causing the Assigned Capacity to be reposted on the El Paso electronic bulletin board and JMH’s rebidding for the Assigned Capacity after it has been reposted.  If a Regulatory Authority rules that the transfer of any part of the Assigned Capacity is void or of no effect and ENA and JMH are unable to resolve the issue that gave rise to the regulatory issue raised by the Regulatory Authority, ENA and JMH agree that the Assigned Capacity shall be reassigned to ENA and any Party may terminate this Agreement with fifteen (15) days written notice to the other Party.

ARTICLE 3.
CONDITIONS
3.1. ENA's Conditions.  ENA's obligations under this Agreement are subject to satisfaction by ENA of the following conditions:
(a) The representations and warranties made by JMH herein shall be true and correct at the Conditions Deadline;
(b) On or before the Conditions Deadline, El Paso shall have confirmed that JMH satisfies its creditworthiness requirements for purposes of permitting the transfer and release of the Assigned Capacity to JMH;
(c) On the Conditions Deadline, ENA shall be satisfied that El Paso will unconditionally release ENA from all obligations in respect of the Assigned Capacity effective the date of completion of the permanent capacity release specified in Section 2.2 of this Agreement; 
If any of such conditions is not satisfied at or prior to the Conditions Deadline, ENA may terminate its obligations hereunder by giving written notice thereof to JMH, in which event the Parties shall be released from all obligations under this Agreement, other than liabilities in respect of any representation and warranty made herein which is not true or any covenant which was required to be performed prior to such termination.
3.2. JMH's Conditions.  JMH's obligations to accept the assignment of the Assigned Capacity are subject to the following conditions: 
(a) The representations and warranties made by ENA herein shall be true and correct on the Conditions Deadline; and
(b) ENA shall have performed all of its obligations required to be performed by it hereunder on or before the Conditions Deadline.
If any of such conditions is not satisfied at or prior to the Conditions Deadline, JMH may terminate JMH's obligations hereunder by giving written notice thereof to ENA, in which event the Parties shall be released from all obligations under this Agreement, other than liabilities in respect of any representation and warranty made herein which is not true or any covenant which was required to be performed prior to such termination.
3.3. Regulatory Compliance.  The Parties shall take all reasonable measures to ensure that all actions of the Parties pursuant hereto are made in compliance with all requirements of Regulatory Authorities.  
ARTICLE 6.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
6.1. Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each Party represents and warrants to each other Party that:
(a) Authority:  It is and at the Conditions Deadline and the Commencement Date will be a corporation or a limited partnership, duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation with the requisite power and authority to perform its obligations under this Agreement;
(b) No Conflicts:  The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not violate, nor be in conflict with, its articles of incorporation and by-laws or other similar constitutional documents or any judgment, decree, order, law, statute, rule or regulation applicable to it; and
(c) Execution of Documents:  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by it and the Transfer Documents will be duly executed and delivered by it and this Agreement does, and the Transfer Documents will, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Party enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, preference, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and the discretion of courts with respect to equitable or discretionary remedies and defenses.
6.2. Additional Representation of ENA.  ENA hereby represents and warrants to JMH that:
(a) No Encumbrances:  the Assigned Capacity is now and at the Commencement Date will be free and clear of all liens, mortgages, pledges, charges, encumbrances and adverse claims created by, through or under ENA, except the terms and conditions of the tariffs applicable to the Assigned Capacity; and
(b) No Defaults:  ENA has complied with and performed all of its liabilities and obligations in respect of the Assigned Capacity and is not in default in respect thereof.
6.3. No Other Representations and Warranties.  Neither Party makes any representations or warranties whatsoever in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation, any representations or warranties with respect to changes to primary delivery or receipt points, except as and to the extent expressly set forth in Sections 4.1 and 4.2.  A Party shall have no liability and responsibility, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, for any statements, representations or warranties except those in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any opinion, information or advice which may have been provided by it or any of its officers, shareholders, directors, employees, agents, consultants or representatives.
ARTICLE 7.
CONFIDENTIALITY
7.1. Confidentiality.  All Parties shall keep the terms and provisions of this Agreement strictly confidential and shall not disclose them, in whole or in part, provided that JMH may disclose to El Paso the fact that it has entered into an agreement to acquire the Assigned Capacity, for purposes of satisfying El Paso's creditworthiness requirements and obtaining El Paso's consent to the assignment of the Assigned Capacity.  After the Conditions Deadline, JMH may disclose to the third parties the fact that it has acquired the Assigned Capacity.  If any Party shall be required by any court, legislative or administrative body to disclose confidential information, whether by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information, subpoena, or some other processes, any Party shall have the full right and ability to disclose same without regard to the confidentiality covenant herein contained; provided, however, that such Party shall provide the other Party with as much notice of its requirement to make such disclosure as is reasonably practicable and do all things that the other Party may reasonably request, at the other Party’ cost, to facilitate the other Party’s efforts to eliminate or restrict such requirement.
ARTICLE 8.
GENERAL
8.1. Assignment.  No Party shall assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
8.3. Survival of Covenants, Indemnities, Representations and Warranties.  The covenants, indemnities, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall survive the assignment and shall be separate from and additional to those contained in the Transfer Documents and any other documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement.
8.5. Conflict and Entire Agreement.  The provisions contained in any and all documents and agreements collateral hereto shall at all times be read subject to the provisions of this Agreement and, in the event of conflict, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.  This Agreement supersedes all other agreements, documents, writings and verbal understandings among the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof.
8.6. Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be subject to and interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.
8.7. Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective administrators, trustees, receivers, successors and permitted assigns.
8.9. Notices.   The addresses and fax number of each Party for notices shall be as follows:

JMH:
ENA:
J.M. Huber Corporation
11451 Katy Freeway, Suite 400
Houston, Texas 77079

Attention:  Brian Stone 
Fax:  
Enron North America Corp.
1400 Smith Street
Houston, Texas 77002
Attention:  Stephanie Miller
Phone:  (713) 853-1688
Fax: (713) 646-2391
     



Any notice, communication or statement (a “notice”) required, permitted or contemplated hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows:
(a) By delivery to a Party between 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Central Time on a Business day at a Party’s address, in which case the notice shall be deemed to have been received by that Party when it is delivered;
(b) By fax to a Party to the fax number listed above, in which case, if the notice was faxed prior to 4:00 p.m. Central Time on a Business day, the notice shall be deemed to have been received by that Party when it was faxed and if it is faxed on a day which is not a Business day or is faxed after 4:00 p.m. Central Time on a Business day, it shall be deemed to have been received on the next following Business day; or
(c) By first class registered postage prepaid mail to a Party at the address of such Party for notices, in which case the notice shall be deemed to have been received by that Party on the fifth business day following the date of mailing.
A Party may from time to time change its address for service or its fax number for service by giving written notice of such change to the other Party.
8.10. Invalidity of Provisions.  In case any of the provisions of this Agreement should be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
8.11. Waiver.  No waiver by any Party of any breach (whether actual or anticipated) of any of the terms, conditions, representations or warranties contained herein shall take effect or be binding upon that Party unless the waiver is expressed in writing under the authority of that Party.  Any waiver so given shall extend only to the particular breach so waived and shall not limit or affect any rights with respect to any other or future breach.  No failure on the part of any Party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy in law or in equity or by statute or otherwise conferred.
8.13. Amendment.  This Agreement shall not be varied in its terms or amended by oral agreement or by representations or otherwise other than by an instrument in writing dated subsequent to the date hereof, executed by a duly authorized representative of each Party.
8.14. Counterpart Execution and Delivery by Fax.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall constitute one agreement.  Delivery of a facsimile of an executed counterpart of this Agreement shall be as legally effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart and if each Party delivers either an original or a facsimile copy of a counterpart of this Agreement executed by it to the other Party, this Agreement shall be a valid and binding agreement between the Parties. 
8.13. Arbitration.  All claims and matters in question arising out of this Agreement or the relationship between the Parties created by this Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be resolved by binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act.  Such arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), and all arbitration proceedings shall be held in Houston, Texas.  There shall be three arbitrators.  Each Party shall designate an arbitrator, who need not be neutral, within 30 days of receiving notification of the filing with the AAA of a demand for arbitration.  The two arbitrators so designated shall elect a third arbitrator.  If either Party fails to designate an arbitrator within the time specified or the two Parties' arbitrators fail to designate a third arbitrator within 30 days of their appointments, the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA.  It is expressly agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to award consequential, special, punitive, exemplary or treble damages, the Parties hereby waiving their right, if any, to recover consequential, special, punitive, exemplary or treble damages, either in arbitration or in litigation.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

J.M. HUBER CORPORATION
By:   
Name:   
Title:   

ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.
By:   
Name:  Barry Tycholiz
Title:  Vice-President




EXHIBIT A
EL PASO SERVICE

Volume to be assigned:                  20,000 MMBtu/day  (November 1, 2001 – May 31, 2006) 


Offer No.
MMBtu/d
Block
Delivery Point
Receipts Points

20,000
I




