Brian K. Hendon
820 Teetshorn
Houston, TX  77009
713-864-1848
hendob@hotmail.com

EXPERIENCE 
3/01-Present Enron Global Markets, Manager of Finance and Structuring; Houston, TX

Secure project financing and provide structuring through capital market access and optimizing funds flow for a $400 million gross margin business unit.
Primary finance contact for coal and emissions, weather, insurance and Japan office.
Evaluation of project economics and risk-adjusted valuation to determine feasibility and efficient funding for acquisitions, capitalization and partnerships.
Manage analyst and associate career progression and development.

11/99-3/01 Enron Broadband Services, Associate in Structuring and Global Finance; Houston, TX

Developed and executed an industry first, $17 million bandwidth pre-pay.
Monetized $100 million of fiber network through a synthetic mark-to-market structure. 
Closed a $114 million fiber network sale to capital markets. 
Completed projects generated over $65 million in earnings.
Identified opportunity to change procurement process and negotiated new vendor leasing contracts, resulting in annual cost savings of $20 million.
Negotiated a marketing alliance with strategic partners to integrate equipment and bandwidth purchasing for ISP and LEC market.
Created end-of-year presentation that detailed business unit’s prior year performance and growth potential for annual institutional investor conference.

6/98-11/99 Enron North America, Analyst in Producer Finance and Services; Denver, CO

Priced and structured derivatives for gas trading desk (Rockies region).
Built economic models for development, approval and bank financing for $140 million of pipeline projects in Wyoming’s Powder River Basin.

7/97-6/98 Enron North America, Analyst in Gas Asset Group; Houston, TX

Responsible for modeling, pricing and valuing all asset and commodity transactions.

12/96-1/97 Arthur Andersen LLP, Intern in Economic and Financial Consulting; Houston, TX 

Designed an economic model to substantiate lost profits for a patent infringement lawsuit.

1/96-3/96 Price Waterhouse LLP, Audit Intern; Houston, TX

Performed staff level audit work in energy and technology industries.

Summer 95&96 Enron Capital and Trade Resources, Intern; Houston, TX

Rotations in Joint Venture Management, Power and Financial Planning and Reporting

EDUCATION   The University of Texas at Austin, Professional Program in Accounting
8/91-5/97  Master in Public Accounting (MPA)
  Bachelor of Business Administration      
 Concentration: Audit, Overall GPA:  3.6, Major GPA:  3.8
 Deloitte & Touche Scholarship, Marquis G. Eaton Accounting Scholarship, 
 Petroleum Engineering Scholarship, Dean’s Honor List (1993-1995), Beta Alpha Psi,  Golden Key National Honor Society
